update me on life.
Everything sucks. I hate my life. For the most part. Why can't I text you or anything?
i got in trouble. dont talk to sam campbell. she doesnt like you and she tried to get you in trouble with the police, but i took the blame instead. your welcome.  DO NOT SPEAK TO HER. I COULD GET IN TROUBLE FOR TELLING YOU ABOUT THIS.
Omg! What happened??? And I wondered why she was being mean to me . And ok I won't.
Thank you so much
Can I call?
you can call and text 6103554. its my brothers phone that i took from him so i can use it.
Our father thy art in heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom come thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
HAHAH YESSSS
send me the link pleeez
Michaelterranova.tumblr.com
Contact me
I can't really talk all that much for the moment.  I'll text you when I get my phone back.
Okay
I miss you.
Listen, I've been medicated for severe anxiety and I have manic moods and crippling depressions.  I fucking hate everyone at my school.  I am moving at the end of my junior year to Shepardstown and taking all of my classes online next year.
What...i'm going to gw for you. I hate everyone except Bella and you. Why :(((((
I'll be here all this year. My mom decided to move regardless of my stance on the issue.  If I stayed here, I'd have to live with my dad.  I'm not doing that.
My heart just broke 
I'm sorry.  I really am.  But I can drive in on the weekends and see you.
I'm going to cry all night .
Nope, no crying.  We don't ever see eeach other anyways.  If anything, we'll spend more time together once I move than we have in the last three years.
Your not allowed to see me anyway. Your mom hates me a whole lot. 
Yep, she  does.  We can still work something out if I'm driving in without her.
It's not fair. Your the closest thing to a sister i have. I wish I could have thrown away my dignity and worked things out with her. Shephardstown is like 6 hours away. I've been there.
It's really nice.  We're buying a mansion and I'm excited to live a rich person's life for once.
A mansion? Maybe I would be able to visit one day.
" look at all this stuff, this place is like a mansionnn"
Hahahaha
silly meg and jack
I said hen taste today 
I watched season 3 and 4 of It's Always Sunny today.
I love your tastes In things.  I like that show 
It's my new favorite.  Charlie is hilarious.  He always screams when he's frustrated.  So I've started doing that now.
It's one of the thing you like to do out of all the other things there are that you could do
The six things.
AAHAHAHAHA. that i liketo do
<3 Oh and I havent solved the michael-bob dilemma.
Does it matter anymore. You are leaving. Well wait. You'll come back and stuff. God. Ugh. Jahahah. This is fucked. I don't know how to help
Bob wants me to go to college with him.  Michael wants me to still see him when I leave.  This is terrible.
WTF. God. Obviously youre not going to cleve with bob
What is up? I'm just curious how you've been since we dropped you off last week.
Oh im fine. There was some turmoil but I'm okay now. I got a job and my phone back and mom and I are okay
Okay. Then text me back occasionally. I thought it was like a big thing or something haha
Mom doesn't really want me talking to you much but ill try
WHAT DID I DO THIS TIME
hello
hiya
what is up
just ordered two pairs of rave pants and a bunch of rave shirts
feelin pretty fly
look at this shit
awesome shmawesome
http://shop.cyberdog.net/product/6722/MENS_ANTI_NUKE_FLEECE
i ordered the blue and yellow one
I want one that's awesome
and blue, black, and silver giant rave pants and turquoise ufo rave pants
im going to look like a space invader
you said
ufo
yes
http://www.google.com/imgres?q=turquoise+ufo+rave+pants&um=1&hl=en&sa=N&biw=1920&bih=965&tbm=isch&tbnid=USvAj_tqzRCm3M:&imgrefurl=http://shop.ebay.com/i.html%253F_nkw%253Dghast%252Bpants&docid=jr3dVfWpdirRaM&w=74&h=140&ei=vsVETrHmJcHZgQfZ7MCvBg&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=999&vpy=182&dur=63&hovh=112&hovw=59&tx=72&ty=46&page=1&tbnh=112&tbnw=59&start=0&ndsp=81&ved=1t:429,r:7,s:0
I want a tattoo relating to aliens because I just realized, aliens are imoportant to me
wwoah those are bright
im getting one with a young grey alien holding my cat and like pondering it in a playful manner
I want a ufo with a beam coming out of it
and
a family of yetis
lololol
we can go together and get them
in like a month
I KNOW IM EXCITED
I can do all those things you can do when you're 18
like play power ball
and buy porn
things we will never do
but see ofwgkta with me
my point exactly
I will, I'll get my ticket as soon as i can
also, when I'm 18 I think I'm applying at budget
WICKED
I'm setting up an interview at kmart -__-
hahaha kmart
more like GAYmart
HAHAHAHA
fuck im such a bro
yeah...the big GAY
brofist
GIMME DAP
hahaha my black coworker says that
HAHAHA
dude i have work tomorrow
dapdapdapdap
i bought cocaine
for the first time
just for the experience
wow
ive generally quit drugs for now though
I heard it's a dissapointment
roxanne said its really good
otherwise i wouldnt have bought it
also, it upset me when you accused me of doing drugs with others and not with you.
i was high.
hahahaha.
I'm no longer upset.
exactly.
i dont even like drugs that much anymore. they make me feel bad.
I would smoke weed still If I could pick how long it lasted
haha i have no urge for weed
it makes me awkward and stupid
I smoked a little ONCE this summerr and felt annoyed the rest of the day and didn't ant to be high
also, I don't think I'm going to be drinking or doing drugs anymore anyways, cause
ITS BAD FER YA
I'm on siezure meds now, because my doctor thinks I'm having several tiny seizures a day and I have to have tests done one me .__.
hahahaha
seizures man. how do they work?
brb dude
kai
I have returned 
THE FINAL FRONTIER
ill still never do crack or meth
ew. or pcp
haha
the STORIES
theyre hilarious
ive been reading rage comics for days
hahaha nice.
funny
theyre so good
like ripe peaches
with the fuzz and all?
or BRIAN PEPPERS
hahaha
yes
Goddard, my dog 
dude i need sleep so i can work a 10 hour shift tomorrow
okay
come visit me
i will try to
kay
bye bye
we must get alien tattoos. matching ones.
need a ride?
Hey running a bit late cause of my sister, I'll be there asap
kay

WADDAP
nuffin dawg
you?
sitting at the shop
waiting to get picked up
cool beans
how ya been
pretty okay. gonna start online classes soon.
awesome!
why havent we hung out?
I dunno man!
hey
Hellur
what it do dawg
Laying around. Doing nothing. Lol 
I'd play with my snake but I've dragged him everywhere today and he's stressed
I concue
or concur.
Lolol
hows you doin
Saw your mom at one stop the other day 
oh yah?
Tried to wave to Matt 
He didn't recognize me
aw.
well he may have not have even seen you
like, he may have looked, but not seen you
lol
But my mom told me she saw you
Haha he stared for awhile and then half waved nervously 
That's matt, that's matt.
So I probably wont graduate till next year. Because fuck online classes
They're so extensive 
Wow, how annoying dude.
I tried texting you recently
but I think I have the wrong number still
I didn't get a text 
2061860
Yeah
OH
I've been texting a 932 number....
Lol I don't even know whichever phone that was
lol me neither 
So hows life recently? 
stressful. I had a had a crazy weird reaction to an antibiotic I took today, so I feel kind of dead.
Hows about you?
Eh it's the same
Still have a lot of conflict
I'm trying to move out soon. Chris is getting a car like super soon and then he gets a raise to 11 dollars an hour 
And we've been saving so much money
That would be really cool
it would reduce stress no?
lol
I mean mom makes everything worse on me
She wont let Chris here anymore because of something so trivial its not even worth explaining 
How's that been going lately? about the same or worse?
oh
answered that itself
And I'm only allowed to spend one night a week at Gary's 
And thats interesting.
Why?
She's just a control freak
And insane 
She still treats me like a small child
She gets upset because there's "smoke residue" on the walls in Chris's room and it's bad for my lungs
Residue
lol
There is dog poop residue everywhere > I have e coli. 
Hahaha
Yep. And someone smoked weed in the room a couple days ago so ill get a contact high 
Can't risk it
OH GOD THE RESIDUALS 
ITS HAD TIME TO SETTLE
Hahaha
I need to buy sand for my snake.
So he can dwell.beneath it for many moons
And then emerge, complete.
i hope you like
SAND
Hahaha
He actually needs a special substrate 
He can't use hitlers play sand that I have 250 pounds of because its too fine and will get in his nostrils 
awh
So I have to buy course sand.
that sounds awful
The word is starting to grind my gears,
Sand.
Sand. 
I like the word substrate.
I say it in petsmart to sound knowledgeable 
I was going to make that comment a second ago.
"What substrate would you recommend for this here scaly chap?"
Let me retrieve our catalog of substrates 
Lolol
So I'm on celexa now
And its okay
I'm on zoloft now, because I'm depressed again.
But its interfering with my sex life. And that's depressing 
Yeah
Zoloft didn't effect that
So I may need something else
I took lexapro and risperidone for a while, and that not only completely removed sex drive, but motivation in general.
I just took zoloft for the first time today.
But I don't know how to be like "it makes sex bad. I need something else'
Zoloft shouldn't effect much. Its generally okay. Just makes you feel flat
I got out of risperidone on that. I just looked up some adverse side effects and claimed they affected me. The pill wasn't helping me in any way anyway.
I hate feeling flat. I have a flat personality anyway.
Haha me too
Have you tried any meds that didn't effect you negatively? 
Concerta for ADHD. Lexapro was not bad for depression at all, it was just risperidone. Lamictal is really good for stabilizing my moods
I have everything.
lawl
Lamictal? 
Does it maintain the mood you have when you take it? Or just maintain a general happiness all the time?
well
it's actually a pill for siezures
but it ALSO stablizes moods
I don't have seizures 
Hahaha
And you never will. Thanks, lamictal.
buuut, I have these out of body experiences which might be caused by tiny seizures SUPPOSEDLY. I haven't had a VERY IMPORTANT MRI yet 
Hahaha I think I have bad bodily issues because I get light headed and my ears ring and I start sweating g all over
And I have to lay down or I pass out
Yeah I get that
I get tunnel vision a lot
I had to leave school today. I just felt trapped and kind of wanted to run, lol
I had to have mom pick me up from the library right after she dropped me off Wednesday 
I started to cry and I had to hide in the bathroom 
I try to play it off. I don't cry, I don't panic anymore. I don't even know if I have panic attacks anymore. I maintain composure, but I have perception issues.
I can't maintain at all. I cry constantly 
I get so angry. I punched a wall and bruised my knuckles recently.  Like over and over again.
I haven't cried in so long.
I've had an issue with that
earlier this year I cut my hand up really bad on a clock
and bruised it really badly on a wall
I remember that
I just want to feel normal
The scar is still there
Me too.
I'm glad someone gets this
It feels like an outside force makes me feel ways that don't make sensr
I just feel like I do not even exist. I kind of feel like a machine, going through tasks.
But its an inside force. Chemicals
Exactly
I get so frustrated with life. I feel like there's no progress. 
also
Well
Idk
One of my main issues is my sister.
I know that sounds crazy
but she has ruined my family
literally ruined any chance of us being a family
I bet she's intolerable 
What did she do?
She's failed school, won't accept punishments, does what she wants, dresses like a SLUT, is talking to different guys all the time, lies, steals, schemes and turns family members against each other, really attempts to cut deep into peoples emotions, has an awful reputation which is embarrassing to me, she won't get help either. I think she has a personality disorder. It's completely out of hand
She allegedly is moving in with my dad at the end of this year
She failed out of school?
You should kill her in her sleep.
She failed every class except art.
She isn't even really giving a shit about credit recovery. Not that I should give a shit, but my mom does, it drives her mad.
I WISH I COULD
My brother is also failing
I feel like she's going to get pregnant and run away
and really?
He skips class every day and gets virtually no punishment 
-___-
see what pisses me off...
you don't go to school, but you intend to graduate in your own way. It's the same credential. He and my sister do what they want, and don't even get a stern talking to
Yep.
He doesn't do shit.
Chris would always ask why I have to clean everything in the house and Lee sits on his ass and eats candy
Except those videos that I don't quite get.
REALLY
WOW
Yep
The worst thing is
I just want to get out. But its so hard to manage
my sister publicly makes fun of Matt.  
Is a witch to him.
Wooow.
Makes us look like garbage people.
She should be hit.
I'm waiting for the day. I thought about doing away with her, but then realized that it's immature to think that stuff. One day she'll get whats coming.
Yea. A baby. Lololol
OMG
LOLOLOL
Hahahaha
Puns ftw!
wtf snup
Snup?
It's what you said
BACKWARDS
Hahaha
Wtf ftw wft ftw 
So celexa is making me lose weight
But it prevents me from enjoying sex
So I don't know what to do
Usually depression meds do the oppisite
for me at least
It takes away my appetite 
Almost completely
Risperidone (yet again) is the worst thing ever. I just wanted to eat and lie down. ALL DAY
Haha that sucks 
I guess ill go in and have him try something else on me. Atleast for Chris's benefit. Because if I don't enjoy it I know It makes him insecure 
That's a sad truth.
but it's true
And sad.
I guess ill just have to lose weight like a normal person. If only there was a pill for self control.
It's called
BATH METH
Hahaha
I know so much more about bath salts than I ever thought possible
reallhy lmfao
Yea dude. Chris tried it once just for product testing. It's Meth.
God
awful
Different brands have different effects but most are either Meth or ecstasy basically 
The results vary so much
Some people trip for weeks then go into psychosis forever.
some people are fine
Its like triple c's
Which scare me
Yea fuck that shit 
Speaking of drugs
lolol
I'm so glad I kicked opana. Like, even thinking about my time with shayn is like teasing myself because of the physical effects of that drug. Its something I have to take extremely seriously. I know if I never had quit, my life would be ruined 
Chris says if I ever do it, he's leaving me.
I'm glad you realize this now
It wasn't so much a big deal at first
but you didn't understand that it escalated 
blinded, I guess is a better word.
It was scary
Yea looking back now I'm ashamed of my former self
It wrecked me.
I'm glad that now I have money instead of being retardedly high all the time and looking like a dead person 
It was an odd time for sure
I feel like you needed the alone time to contemplate this
slapping you in the face with accusations was never the way
Yea I mean I just wanted to defend myself, as anyone does. But I'm not stupid. Once I had my mind cleared I could see what my life had.become.
I could blame shayn. Lol.
I was sad a lot.
over it
But ill blame my addict genes 
I didn't have it in me to talk to you seriously
I wouldn't have known what to do either 
Because of course you didn't want to offend or anger me because you're my friend 
Exactly
and you seemed happy
I hinted all the time though
I made nudges at the fact that I didn't like certain things
I mean I was happy. But it wasn't good happy.  It was scary happy. Like a roller coaster drop with no leveling out
You know what's sad
Mitchell is still doing the same shit...snorting shit off of the table behind backpacks
Yea I know. But he's not an addict. He's doing it for attention 
He's fine without drugs. He doesn't crave them. 
Yeah my thoughts exactly 
He'll learn eventually.  We all do.
You wouldn't look at everyone and smile before you snorted something if you were addicted to it
lol
Yea like when I did it I genuinely didn't want people to ser
See
Yeah I caight that
I didn't really want to be known as a junkie. It just happened.
It really came to a head the one time we went off campus with aaron and mitchell and came back to school
Dude I honestly don't even remember that
I just remember being in the office and being searched
You did heroine or something
I wanted to cry
I don't doubt it. I was a mess.
I couldn't get the love I wanted from shayn so I just wanted to feel good any way I could. 
I'm glad you're you again
and shayn is 
He isn't human
not in the good way
I'm sure you understand that, being a Libra, our romantic relationships effect our whole outlook
Oh gosh, really though
Shayn really messed with mybhead
I'm so glad I was able to let go of him and the cross lanes life 
cross lanes was like
the gate of hell
I'm so much happier now. I'm so grateful for Chris. maybe he did contribute to my rebellion a few months ago. But he also got me off hard drugs and doing stupid shit
And he handles my mother like a saint
And me for that matter. I throw fits sometimes. But he never gets overly upset. He always talks me down 
That's a very good thing.
Grand.
I know you don't like him, and that's okay, I get it, but I think he's good for me.
I don't dislike him
I just
I don't know
I have an odd feeling towards him
and I can't describe it
I don't know what it is
I mean I can understand why. It looks like he stole me from my childhood. But he didn't. I made him let me stay with him.
And I was the one that wanted to try living in NC so badly
It was all me. He just supported my decisions because he loves me.
Did you expect that to work? or did you want it to really badly?
The NC trip?
ya
We had everything planned. It was supposed to work. We were going to save money and move back here. But his mom lied. She didn't have a job when we got there. We had zero money except for food stamps and Money my dad wired me for basic stuff like shampoo
What a piece of shit
fuck her
what did she expect to happen?
And the tiny town of king is so overpopulated with Mexicans that there isn't one job opening in like a thirty mile radius
.___.
She expected Chris to just find a job.
I want to leave this state, but I don't know or think I'm quite ready yet
A month in, I was crying every day and Chris offered to move back and try to get his job back.
He didn't start working again until like a month and a half ago
Like how were you living down there?
we lived in a trailer. Chris's stepdad Tim got disability. Just enough for rent. And food stamps.
Water was free.in the trailer park
wow
We did have internet. So we spent a whole.month watching movies and playing video games in our closet sized room.
I don't know what to make of that
Didn't eat out at a restaurant one time.
Hardly had gas to get gas. Lol.
Lol! wow
I ate ramen every day. And macaroni 
Macaroni is delicious  
It was. And is.
I don't regret going there though.
Yeah
it seems like an expiereience
Now I know that I can live with Chris in a tiny room and eat poor food and do nothing but be around each other every day and be happy
That is actually a really nice realization 
means something for sure
So now that I've hit that low and built that foundation, I can build upward
I gotta go 2 bed y0
I'll talk to you later
Alright well text me sometime
It was nice talking to my best friend again
will do willdo
Waddap
Lost your phone number.  Can you text me? 
yes yes
Hi
hi
I'm waiting for a bus downtown. Ill be down there for like an hour if you wanna meet up for some rio 
Oh yea
You have school. 
DAMMEEEET
Actually I might be able to
I'm my moms bitch today
I got out early
So I'm doing chores
Nice haha
I know. Today is nice.
Well I'll be downtown until I catch a south hills bus at 2:15
Shoot
ok
will I'll text you If I can get down there before then
All I want is some queso and chips lol
I can be there in like 25 or so minutes
That would be wicked. And if you could take me to South hills I could stay a little longer
I have to meet my mom at her spa by 2:50
You said you could be there in 25? My chat force closed. 
YEes
Way cool. Text me when you're leaving
This bus is uber late
I'm on dee bus
hey pal
did your lizard ever pull through?
he died.
no D:
We have a gecko now. I feel like it's a bad idea because it may die the same way.
a leopard im guessing?
No
I'm not sure what kind
hm
haha whered you get it? send me a photo?
geckos are chris' thing
I shall
It's colorful 
I think
haha. ground gecko or one that climbs?
I'm gonna say ground
okay
get it at petsmart?
no
I wish I could remember anything 
haha
hahaha
i mean, i dont really know of many grounf geckos sold around here that are colorful besides leopards
Maybe that's it
I'm not sure
lol
sind mi a foto
hold on, brb
lost your number
what is it
3042061860
yerp that be a leopard
neeto
just read online how to take care of him
I will
I don't trust the others
wadap
heyyyy
nutin
just sittin at home
you?
on facebook at work, ballin
ballllllllin'
got my own desk and phone
did you get promoted ?
I watch your FB posts, you seem to be doing quite well there haha
yea im in social media now lol
So it's OK to be on facebook at work
lol
yea im in social media so i actually am required to have facebook and twitter up for work
then it can't actually stop you from doing things. I feel like that takes away the feeling haha
yea but theres so little work to be done, its ridiculous
i feel like i got hired into a purely politics position
its like a reward for being cool haha'
how so?
It sounds like it HA!
i think martin mcquade got me hired
ive only worked here for 5 months and tons of other people applied
but somehow i got it
Didn't you do exceedingly well before though? 
I feel like that played a part
yea i mean i was doing pretty well, 5th in the world in customer satisfaction when i was in sales.  i still dont know how that even works.
Thats still ridiculous 
i know haha.  i should be getting an apartment soon.  im supposed to already have one but this landlady is dicking me around
What an ass
haha a total ass
haha
but awesome
I didn't know if you'd moved out or not
working on it lol
I just saw that your mom commeted on A LOT of your posts, so I thought you had
haha
tried to live with chris' parents but his mom is crazier than mine
like i want to hit her in the teeth with a cast iron skillet
so im just praying an apartment works out soon
well damn
her dog has fleas and she leaves it where we sleep so it whiens all night from being misreable
and gets pissed when i try to get rid of its fleas and yells THIS IS SHAGGYS HOUSE
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHHA
WTF!!!
oh god
yea i hate her
i really hope we get an apartment soon
i can finally afford to live on my own
That's so awesome
finallyyy
haha for real. just learning social media. kind of difficult
yo man waddap
sitting at home haha
what aboutchu
working 10 hours, then 12 tomorrow and the next day. stressed as fuck.  having panic attacks that ive never experienced before.  still cant find a decent place to live. chris is stressed so hes being a dick.
how many hours are you working this work?!
christ
haha i have to catch up because i missed 3 days from the flu
after my dragon died an christmas
on
on christmas :/
 I didn't think it was literally on christmas
yep. having a pretty shitty holiday.
I feel.
are you still sick?
got prescribed to ativan .5 which literally does nothing for me
and no not from the flu, still going numb from anxiety
ativan does nothing for me either haha
been trying to find real benzos for days and no one has any, meanwhile im almost crying all day at work
and i hate talking to these junkie dope slingers
i just want to find an apartment, move in, and work every day, and be okay
I understand
I wish medications weren't necessary 
but sometimes they totally are
and i honestly dont know whats really the problem with me besides anxiety, my limbs go numb and i get cold sweats
that sounds more like panic disorder type stuff or super severe anxiety. Deff not generalized anxiety dis. 
My limbs used to go numb and stuff
did you feel like you were going to pass out?
I did pass out
it scared me so bad ihad to leave work wednesday
i thought i was having a stroke or something
It was a blood pressure problem
my blood pressure was fine when i got it checked a few days ago
I was on a bad combo of benzos and blood pressure meds that caused a severe drop, and I started going numb and fainting 
then it has to be anxiety
My head used to get tingly 
and my fingers and toes
yea like my arms are tingly now and my palms are sweating
Have you ever been on Extended Release anything?
The only time that went away is when I went on XR Alprazolam 
anxiety pills have SUCH as small half life
no theyve just put me on the ativan .5 and mom only let me has 1 a day
have
i need something but im afraid to ask because my mom will call me a drug addict or something
 See, I'm not psychiatrist, but...I think Extended release tablets work wonders. Taking pills "as needed" throughout the day just makes it twice as difficult. I used to be on .5's of a lot of stuff. It hardly lasted like an hour
which i kind of understand but christ, she has to see the phyical evidence of my illness
If you ask about extended release tablets that won't raise any flags. That's not junkie talk. That's informed patient talk.
huh okay.
junkies do like the quick rush lol
Med seeking patients tend to get prescribed XR anyway because they want a quick rush
LOL
yeah
They just work for me, and I asked my doc about it personally
like, my job isnt even stressful.  thats how stressed i am in my personal life.  i cant even calm down while doing nothing and getting paid for it
when youd have attacks, would it be like...like you dont even think you're stressed because you're not thinking about anything stressful but it happens anyways
Yep.
Basically
because like im having conversations with coworkers and i still feel like im on the verge of an attack'
That's how I am still
I just don't have them
i just want the sweats to go away and my hands to stop being numb
My grandpa has this heart rate monitor, and I put it on my finger to test something out. I have a super fast Heart rate anyway, but when anyone would speak, or even move or stand up at all it would jump to at least 110 and I would start sweating profusely 
I just try and surroudn myself with people who do not stress me.
It doesn't always work, but hey 
The numbness is a serious thing though
thats crazy, i have a high resting heart rate too
what should i do about the numbness?
Honestly
yea?
i have good circulation, i had it checked
make sure you're moving around a lot. That sounds weird, but because so much of anxiety attacks deals with blood pressure and heart rate, muscle movement can help. Just keeping a steady blood flow to all of your extremities 
HM
erg
well
It could always be the good old fashion "vitamin deficiency" 
a lot of what medication doesn't fix
my heart rate does seem elevated. i have a D deficiency i believe.
I try to fix myself. Just mentally talking myself down, and doing square breathing 
i need to go somewhere and sleep i think
but i cant leave until 9:30
Omega 3 supplements help too. Matt has taken them for years and years. Also, caffeine is bad. I've learned that recently.
Agh
hm
i just drank some coffee so thats probably a player
yeah
I'm a BIG coffee drinker
but it makes anxeity worse 
i like it but if its bad fuck it
I have an addictive personality, so if I go a day without coffee it's like I'm quitting smoking
Yeah
I'm trying to just cleanse my system
dietary things can really mess with your head.
i quit smoking last week
That is probably part of your anxiety
but in the long run, it will get a LOT better due to the lack of smoking
yea i guess o
so
When I quit I did it cold turkey and was buggin' out for weeks
i didnt even think i was addicted
I didn't either
but the sweaty palms and stuff, that's symptomatic of nicotine withdrawal 
but if you can get through it okay
huh didnt know that
you'lll feel a lot better
Yeah quitting smoking is so physically and mentally awful
I tried patches and e cigs, and things but flat out quitting was the only thing that seemed to work properly. 
i realized the other day that i literally have no friends
like, not even one.
no one responds to my texts. not even roxann
roxanne
I don't either just because I thought I was happy being an introvert 
and I am sometimes, I guess
but there's a line you know?
yea, like, sometimes iw want to go hang out with someone. like, go eat somewhere are walk around the mall even.
but theres no one that doesnt blow me off
I don't even know who to contact
I don't wanna hang out with the scene kids that I hung out with when I was younger, and anyone else stopped being my friend when I started hanging out with scene kids anyway
I just like going places sometimes
just like
to eat
yea and like if i contact old friends they think im just trying to manipulate them
and no one ever seems to want to
If I do they're like "Oh look it's michael the ass hole back to tell us how much we suck"
so I don't mess with that
the truth is I did make a lot of bad friends, and they did suck
haha
Yeah same here. It's so out of this world for me to be genuinely interested in hanging out with someone
right?
I must want something, or I must just be using them
like, HOW DO I NOT FIND PEOPLE FUN LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
Yeah it's like, you watch people out with their friends having fun and think "WHAT AM I DOING DIFFERENTLY" 
I notice that I just don't find joy in hanging out with people that I don't get something out of
and I wish i could find joy in other people
that's just how friendships work though
that's basic.
no one would ever accept it though
You always want something out of a relationship with someone
human nature
You have a friend you confide in, one that you bully, one that you wish you were
ect
Everybody does it.
NO one genuinely has a friend for no reason.
but how do people want to go hang out with their besties and chill with their homies and do nothing with them? like, go to starbucks or watch movies or something
I don't get it
Because they're getting something out of it deep down. They know that in the public eye, they're more attractive. They know that they can outsmart them in conversation. They might be their "back up" friend. They might be friends with them just to maintain a certain social status
and my coworkers are going to smoke weed together but if i do ill have to go to the hospital
no brainer then right?
yea i mean i wasnt invited anyways haha
Haha
theyre all going to see marilyn manson and im the one who gets to work for them while theyre gone
One of my main issues is that I grew out of partying and that's all anyone ages 13-25 wants to do.
Like, I enjoy the taste of alcohol with food
and things like that.
but do I want to make a fool of myself and then brag about it to everyone?
no
Wait can they even do that? Just leave?
yea haha this is social media, we can do whatever we want
haha oh yeahh
Sometimes I feel like I'm just an old soul, and that's why I can't make any friends. I grew up way faster than everyone else mentally.
YES.
Maybe we just look at the world realistically 
Everyone else is like YOLO
I'm thinking "(seriously, you only live once, don't mess it up)"
yea for real.  i just want my geckos to thrive and to work here for the forseable future, not fuck up and enjoy my normal life
SO MUCH TEXTING AND NO COMMUNICATING 
bah humpbuhg
Yeah exactly
that's just enjoying normal things.
but i have to go home and live by everyone else's standards and deal with chris' parents and my mom and ill have to pay a shitty landlord, and im fine with that, but i just want to get it over with
Everyone has standards that they're expected to live by, for whatever reason
i want to set my own standards for once
for fucking ocne
I set them for myself. It's not my place to set other people's
yeah
Unfortunately the real world kicks the shit out of my own standards
It kind of does for everyone
ill probably end up living in ordinance park in saint albans because its on the bus line and i cant afford anywhere else right now
I wish I could do or say something that could be of real assistance. Advice is just speculation in my opinion. But if you try you try 
id just like to talk to someone that has no stake in it and wont jump my ass over everything
Yeah that's smart
That's why they say therapists are good
but they end up ALL in your business 
haha
yep ive done therapy for about 15 years and im so done with that shit
Yeah I did it for like 2 and was like
I'm better at this than you
I can say to myself
what you are saying to me
lol
hahaha
potato, pototo. 
the numbness is coming back, its so scary
Therapist, keepign a journal and reading it later
Are you still like physically sick?
just the numbness and sweating in my arms
but i can see that my circulation is fine when i press on my fingernails
gonna go potty brb
k
my arms are only numb when i have my hands up to my keyboard. what does that mean?
is it both or one? your whole arm? is there tingling? 
both
mostly forearms and hands
do you have trouble gipping things?
gripping?
nope i dont think so
are your hands trembly?
not really trembly, just numb
theyre playing lil wayne in my office'
oh my god
OKAY YOU A GOON WHATS A GOON TO A GOBLIN
im mocking the whole time hahaha
god
hahaha
I heard this lil wayne song...
i think it's rather new
It's like a knock off "tyler the creator" type video
in the song he goes "TUNECHI, TUNECHI, TUNECHI"
whaaat haha
in all seriousness.
theyre friends now i think
but anywho
Everything that you said sounds like an untreated anxiety disorder
yep i blame modern day america and my mom
but im taught to blame in the first place
Yeah everyone is really
I try to find solutions to things in place of blaming as best as I can
but it's hard when you can't decide what the problem is
yup. i get stress from people in my life and even more stress without them. im lost
What other medications do you take?
just curious
just ativan from the other day, and birth control
Like what sucks is that symptoms of anxiety and withdrawal from benzodiazepines are pretty much the same, so if you don't take them on a regular schedule it pretty much does nothing because your body wants more relief 
remember when I was on like .25 xanax for like a year? I had to take them like every two hours
it was stressful itself
wtf thats crazy
every two hours? fuck
Yeah, now I'm on a 1mg extended release that I take once in the morning, and my body is never without a rationed amount. I haven't had a panic attack, like a serious one, in probably a year
Taking lots of pills is more strsssful than anything
huh that sounds really nice lol
One more thing
If you don't mention something to someone about all of this, withholding your fear of being yelled out and everything, it will just get worse
getting patronized might be worth it in the end
yea i suppose so.
well im gonna try to keep my hands off the keyboard for awhile and watch a breaking bad, see if that helps
okay, good
well feel better
do you even have my number still?
thank you bud, ill let you know what comes of all this. and i beleiev so, mine is 3042061860 if i dont
Yep I've still got it. cool beans
alright man, holler at me sometime when youre in town or something
dude
yup?
waddap brooo
Picking my mom up from work. Whatabout you
Sitting at work, borrred
fantasizing about lizards i want to buy haha
hey brotha
hey
are you in motown by any chance?
nope haha
whydya ask?
because theres two geckos in a pet shop there that i want but can't drive to get
tokay geckos
the evil ones that everyone hates.  im going to tame them
found a perfect pair
Oh damn im sorry
wait
I didnt even know there was a pet shop there
but anyway
john brand just opened one
called scales and tails
do you know when youll be there next?
this sunday
huh okay.  ive got a guy who MAY bring them to me but im afraid someone will buy them before i do so im trying to get the guy to let me paypal him money for them until i can get them
theyre about the only thing i can afford right now because no one wants a mean gecko, and taming them down will be something to occupy my mind while i wait for more eggs
my two cresties hatched today
I bet it's interesting to watch something hatch
I can't say I ever have
i didnt get to watch
they were just there haha
o dam
well
it was a pleasant surprise lol
How long is the incubation period?
just curious
anywhere from 50-120 days
these took maybe 70
depends on the temps
they incubate at room temperature haha
woah
Well that's extremely convenient 
lol
yea theyre the perfect reptile
they eat fruit powder mixed with water and dont require any special lighting or heat
we keep ours in plastic tubs haha
i have around 18 total?
havent counted
Woah
we have one
lol
what kind?
a crestie?
Yes
nuh uh!
why didnt you tell me? 
lol
If I'm correct
you just described what I fed it the other day and what its habitat is 
hahaha
I thought
wait
I think Matt has one with an ironic name
hahaha
whered he get it?
i bet its a baby
from petsmart
Hmm
called it
yea i saw that one
almost bought it
but i have too many tiny ones right now
but thats a great pet for matt, theyre super hardy
just dont step on it
haha
We have another
it isnt a crested one
Two? sweet!
it's a
oh what is he?
shoot
haha
Erg
I think
leopard?
it's called a giant something maybe
or a large something
hahaha
no that would sound stupid
hahaha
whats it look like?
a lizard, yes?
im trying to think of what petsmart sells
I think it's a leopard gecko, but it's like abnormally large in size  
haha
As in
it's supposed to be
haha, okay. i didnt think petsmart sold giant leopards.
i have a male thats het for giant
as in, his babies with our female will be giant
hes pretty big himself though. like 80 grams
OKAY WISE ASS
AS IN
hahaha
lollolol
sorry, i have to put it in non-herper terms
I'm not sure if it's from petsmart
I know the crested gecko is though lol
ive got two more gravid female cresties
so thats four eggs in a month or sooner
and then my leopard female is just now being mated, so she will have eggs in a month
once geckos mate, they lay two eggs every 30 days or so. like 8 times
Is there a big market for them? Or is it more of a hobby for you, or both haha
BOTH?
its BOTH
 I KNEW IT
i get great enjoyment out of it
and I asked anyway
as in
hahaha
but the two abies i just hatched
asking in hindsigh
a lady already wants them
abies
ill probably get 70-80 out of them, a piece
BABIESSS
DANG
yup
that's some serious money for abies
i no righ?
but yea, i love reptiles, theyre my life blood
gonna do this forever
hey, im off sunday.  maybe worse comes to worse i could ride up with you and grab them, then come back with whoever is taking you.  i could throw in on gas
the tokays that is
In a case where it wasn't a small suv with five people and months worth of clothes I would be like sure thing dude
but this is a case where that is the case
lol
hahaha
I keep reading that as tokyo 
i guess you probably dont come back and forth often
every 2-3 weeks
I feel thats KINDA often
kinda sorta
i have a car to use but its not mine
otherwise id drive and get them myself
me too
but I cant go far from my house
haha
i need to get hitler a boyfriend too
gah so much hobby work to be done
Sounds like it I tell you what
im trying to sell this big 55 gal tank with a stand
for a great deal
but people keeping wanting it and then backing out
guess ill have specialty pets try to sell it for me
the bastards
I KNOW IT
 Well I need to go to bed so I can not fall asleep at work tomorrow. Catcha later braj 
Night 
hey mayn
Heya
im so sick i wanna go home
but i cant
again???
what the heck
yea i dont know whty
why
but i wont have sick time until ive been full time for 90 days
and i havent yet
so i have to be here
how much longer?
dunno, maybe 60 days
i was part time until recently
Oh I see
god
that's ridiculous 
yep
last time i was sick, i brought in a doctors excuse for 3 days and still got occurences for the first day i missed
even with a doctors excuse we still get bad marks for the first day we are gone, i guess so people dont abuse doctors excuses
Yeah that's an OK policy I guess
and this dude in my office sneezes so loud, i hate him
I hate that for you though
haha thanks
i feel like im in The Office
Does he sneeze funny 
no just suddena dn loud
and
both of my bosses are gay
like flaming
its fun
Oh god
it's like the UK office
lolol jk
hahaha
yea im in a small room with...10-12 people
I wish I could stop by and see you before I go back to motown this weekend
and every one of them has quirks
when do you NOT work
HAHA
god
um sunday im off
I can imagine 
i work 11-7:30 every day
except sunday and monday
Hm
What if like tomorrow, I took you to eat breakfast with me and then took you to work?
hm well i have my own car for now
OH YAH
I forget
maybe i could meet you for breakfast somewhere
Yeah
that sounds better actually
haha so ill have a ride home =P
oh duh :P
but i dunno im pretty sick, my boss is trying to see if i can go home without an occurence because im infecting people haha
so i may not be working tomorrow
Hm
sneeze dramatically and don't excuse yourself 
hahaha
andy already has that covered
i think i just have a high fever
nope apparently im already almost at my 2nd warning for occurences
so i guess ill be here all day haha
well dagunit
yea for reakl
real
didnt even know i was at a first warning
god damn
they should tell you that shit
yea boss said be ready to get written up haha because he forgot about it
fuuuck
Damn dude
yep
i know at some point a couple of occurences will drop off
but im not sure when
hey bud
DUDE
I FINALLY DID IT
did wha
FOUND A LEACHIE
I'm gonna pay on it over a few weeks
Just like the chahoua I ordered from the netherlands
but this is the biggest gecko in the world
how big is it?
Right now, 12 inches
Some of them get 16 inches
They're like a giant version of what matt has
They usually cost 1 grand or more but this guy locally is giving him to me for 300
That's a crazy deal dude 
I KNOW
haha
I have to drink 5 hours to get it
but he's reserving it for me until I pay it off
I'm getting 6 new geckos tonight
and then a chahoua gecko in march from the netherlands
and then this r. leachianus whenever i find a way to get there
hey
waddap braj
just watchin' netlix laying in bed lol
whatta bout you
just workin
only one here for some reason
lol
wtf
haha
its naiiice
said borat
LOL
and hopefully getting a new gecko today
oh yeah
hes worth like 800-900 dollars haha
Sorry I just disappeared on chat yesterday lol
thats fine lol
i feel
coworker got here
Awesome haha
talking about wrestling
i only know these things because of lee
but i actually know quite a bit haha
but i cant even sit still
because i might get this lizard
it all depends on if mom wants to drive me, which im almost 100% sure she will
I'm like freaking out today too dude but for bad reasons haha. My bank account is frozen because I never went into to verify my Identity and payments for stuff isn't going through
Im stoked you might get this lizard though
whaaat
YEAH
what kind of stuff do you payon?
Textbooks
software
that shiz
ah okay
Bank of America is like the best bank ever. but THERE ISNT ONE IN WV
lol
dude i do suntrust
never had a problem
Yeah I just went with what was easiest and I could open online in like 5 seconds
hahaha
I'm about to take one of those sketchy buses to pittsburgh this week
sounds like what i do
._.
all the time
to go to a bank?
Yes
haha
wowza
i would just open a new account somewhere else
I offered to pay people and reimburse them a lot if they would take me but I have no friends sooo
dude open one at suntrust
I WISH
the funds are frozen
To even get my money
I have to go and verify my ID
wtfff
YEAh I know
how many hours away is the closest one?
1ish
do that, then withdrawal all your funds, then go to suntrust haha
I'm deff not staying with them
well
idk
Some customer service people just are NOT helpful
I was not helped needless to say
haha
There are like 500 branches in the states surrounding WV, nut 0 in WV.
move out of state or get another bank account 
lol
lololol
but
That's my thinking
I actually am moving out of state next year
so I don't know if it's worth the trouble
where are you going?
Anyway, tell me more about this lizard 
nooo
tell me
where
you
are
going
Oh I'm considering a lot of places...Columbus is a strong possibility, Boston, Upstate NY, Baltimore, Evanston IL.
I'm not 100% yet
also
like moving colleges?
We need to spend more time together
because you are my only friend
yes
haha abandone education, acquire reptiles
abandon
I feel like matt is going to become the lizard
well
I feel like it's his short term goal
Oddly
it seems likely
hahaha
I feel like he has crazy awesome powers
that he just WONT USE
dude i want him to hold this gecko i get
then he will never turn back
the geeeganteecc 1
yea
shes like 12 inches
and thats small for them
Jimmy Neutron her into a less gay version of a fantasy monster
wow that looks so much worse after reading it
hahaha
dude
the guy is an hour from her favorite spa
i think im good
Who's favorite spa?
lol
my moms
the lizard?
haha
whose
OH
i need to market that
lizard spa
scale-axation
I have a feeling that with the right location people would drive a considerable distance to go to that lol
yea dude
ive got a list
of people
that want my lizards
Like really vague things that lizard owners couldn't disprove that you claim the spa has
like obscure things that human spas have that no one really gets
haha
hahaha
like anal bleaching
YEA
ANAL PORE BLEACHING
hahahaha
my mom does anal bleaching
lol
"your mom does anal bleaching"
and also oh my god
really
she hasnt yet but she offers it
she got a new spa
Tops Off
downtown
its super nice
OH okay
I've seen that maybe
why'd she move?
because of the gays
she cant be around them, they fight like children
That's so hilarious 
yea i know
but this place
has an old buble chair turned into a koi pond
it hangs in the air
and they have beer on tap
That sounds really fantastic lol
yea but they only have yeungling
which SUCKSSS
ehh
YEAH
i dont do anything though so it doesnt matter
its like
i could get high for three days on 100 dollars
or i could buy an awesome animal that lives for 10+ years
im not dumb haha
WORD
I would rather have something awesome long term that gives me a good feeling naturally 
something worth the money
but MY MOM WONT TEXT ME BACK
BECAUSE SHE NEVER DOES
EVER
god dammit
I feel 
haha
i cant even function until i know that lizard is mine
like im useless, not doing any work, maybe gonna go get some coffee
did i tell you those geckos i bought last night
i got them home
and this morning one of them had laid eggs?
and i was like WELP IM GONNA BE LATE FOR WORK BECAUSE THIS IS MY REAL JOB
HAHA
reptile probz
for realz
thats a good idea
there are already hilarious crestie memes
but i want to make one of me
with like 6 geckos on my face
and im frustrated
and do a herper problems meme
dude did you see the jrotc dude that was a child molester?
like not just a molester, straight up had sex with a girl in his office
from gw?
YES
HAHA
I was like
I hope it isn't colonel warner  
it's the creepiest dude
ME TOO
but it wasnt thank god
it was that weird dude who let us smoke up the hill
haha
WARNING SIGNS IGNORED
LOL
EXACCCTLYYY
i cant believe that dude
and hannah young messaged me (shes pregnant now btw) and told me she thinks it was some girl named asia burkhammer
Everyone is dropping names erreywhere
no one really knows
and some people are saying they girl lied because he wrote her up
OH WELL
HE FITS THE PART
I would believe it
hahaha
YOU WROTE ME UP? I FUCKED YOU. TAKE THAT.
Apparently there has to be some seed of truth because she claimed they kept in contact on her phone and email and stuff
and im assuming the police read that shit
yeah really
You can't really pass off allegations of a sex crime
dude i want to put shayn in jail
youre not gonna believe this
but apparently he has (had?) a video of me doing some shit that makes me sick
and was showing everyone, and saying, look how big my dick is
i told him i was going to sue him for child porn and that he is satan on earth and i hope he gets an air bubble and died
Oh my god
Are you kidding
nope.
i heard it from turner
because ashley and turner broke up, ashley and shayn started fucking, and NO ONE TOLD TURNER
AGH
blarhghi
ew
so i told turner, id idnt even know him that well, and now he acts like he owes me forever and then told me this shit about shayn
You were totally a minor at the time of that.
oh god.
i want to get him arrested but i dont know how
because i told him to delete the video so i hope to god its gone
and if not, i dont want more people seeing it
Unless you can get a hold of it or you know it's gone I mean 
idk
you can't be sure it's deleted
why would he be doing that
is he that stupid
i want him arrested for drugs
but right now i guess hes off them
but hes definitely just doing this shortly
he said he always wants to do drugs
Isn't he a meth head
lol
he does it on occasion
but he shoots up heroin and shit
Okay yeah I figured that
like a lot
i just dont want to make that phone call
what if i sold him poison as drugs
THATS GENIUS
Yeah I feel
Nah
because you just typed that on facebook and facebook owns it
NICE TRY THOUGH
haha
yea i know haha
it is
but still, i hate him
HATE
someone else would have to do it
because i think in order to get someone searched or prosecuted
you have to prove that they have drugs, like set up a fake drug deal or whatever
or a real drug deal but bring the cops lol
but he knows i would never ask him for drugs
Like chris hanson
yes
but with guns
i think he will die soon anyways
its possible
i hope he gets AIDS
super AIDS
i cant wait to see those cross lanes people
slowly drop like flies
year after year
one of them even got sent to an out of state rehab, her name is sarah, she has a loving family and is smart. but now shes back on hard dope
they will all die
Jesus
most likely yeah 
i hate matt adams the most
hes such a tiny old-man-looking piece of scum
hes like my age and looks 30
his face is so worn
i do want to move out of state
just to escape the underground of the valley
but i need to get established here before i can leave
and ive been eating shit food after i was dieting, so now im trying to diet again and I JUST WANT A CHEESEBURGER acrbs are literally addicting
carbs
Yeah that's the idea behind cheeseburgers
ADDICTING
i hate it
like i want to eat all the junk food
and theres awesome snack machine sin the break room
bro
i think, im praying to god, that im getting the PERFECT house
im so happy, i cried
id say my chances are 80-90%
It's less than a mile from where I work, across the road from northgate off of greenbrier
its a two story house with a huge basement, so three stories
That's awesome!
holy shit
yea dude
600 a month
That's a sick deal
i think its cheap because its on the side of a hill and the stairs are bad lol
and the neighbors houses look bad
LIKE MY OLD HOUSE
haha
but its actually a very quiet nice neighborhood
and my current house
yea dude haha
okay, unlike my current house
hahaha
i mean its up a windy road, you can see the back of it from greenbrier
its got a back porch dude
like i could have a barbeque 
two big bedrooms
its so perfect, AND, she said she was thinking about doing a rent to own
which means if we get it
we could even own it
SERIOUSLY PERFECT
i cant even think negative thoughts about it, i have to know im getting this house
because its everything ive ever looked for
Im really happy for you 
thanks so much man
once i have a house and am away from my mom
so I'm guessing the landlord seems pretty cool haha
i could go to college
yea shes a first time landlady
super nice
told me she wouldnt discriminate because of age]
which has been my problem
she said she isnt running a credit check either
THAT SHOULDNT EVEN BE ONE
people suck
This is pretty awesome
actually
it's generally the most awesome
haha
yea i mean there could literally be no better situation 
this house would seriously make my life perfect
like,flawless
once you get away from your mom your life will be a LOT easier
i know dude
i want to go to school and so does chris
but i cant do ANYTHING with her around
she makes me suicidal
so i have to do nothing to keep my stress down
That's awesome 
exactly
honestly
shes the reason i dropped outy
out
a lot of the problem that you used to deal with were the result of environmental issues 
yeah
but as much as she cares she'll never understand the error of her ways
I have so many people like that in my family
only not extreme
its not her fault, her mom died when she was 8 so shes so afraid of losing the only two people that she has
me and lee
Exactly
so shes overly protective from being traumatized as a child
So you can't make her hyperaware that she's smothering without it becoming a thing
that's how those situations always play out
it's sad but true usually
yea i mean i feel so bad for her
it makes me really sad
because i love her
but she makes me hate her
Yep
I feel
And
I've watched this exchange between you two my whole life
i mean i wish i could see it from someone else's eyes
It's hard to explain
yea i bet haha
but dude
if i have my own house
my reptile business can expand
i wont have to ask permission to buy another animal that produces money lol
HA
That's a very good point
unless you get mail in the the style of michael scott paper company
YOU CAN NOT START A BUSINESS HERE
hahaha
* AWH RATS *
lololol
but dude
if i sold my collection now...let me try to get an estimate, hold on...
just my adult animals
are worth around 1200
and most of my animals are babies
lol
Dang ole
and thats if im giving fair deals too
oh forgot to add in my chewie
im paying 280 for him
hes worth around 500
lol
and most of those animals
are making new animals
everyone says that youve "made it" when you can make money in your sleep
well thats what im doing
the animals work for free lol
well for food
but thats required for them
i wish i could explain this to people
im not crazy
im a business investor
I see what you're sayin!
anyone will buy an animal for the right price
and trades are awesome
because i started out with nice glass tanks with split doors and shit
but theyre like 60 or 70 dollars
so i trade one of those for two geckos, and go buy two plastic tubs which costs me 10-15 dollars
so thats like free geckos
because most of our animals are in tubs or kritter keepers
Yeh okay
so like
I mean there isn't an issue with where you keep the animals as long as it's appropriate 
?
like tubs and stuff work
depends on the animal
crested geckos
the ones we breed most of
just need vertical and horizontal space, room temperature, and humidity.
put two girls and a boy in a big tub
paper towels on the bottom
some fake plants for comfort
mist it twice a day
then bam, the girls are gravid and then you get four eggs
four eggs every 30 days
they lay 2 eggs at a time, several times, just from mating once
ITS A SWEAT SHOP U MONSTER
hahaha
thats why people who dont understand reptiles dont think its right
the fact is
any person with a substantial amount of reptiles, breeders or not, puts them in plastic tubs
because they are affordable, light-weight, and big
It's like hiring undocumented domestic employees because they'll work just as hard and you won't have to pay them as much
ha
except that lizards dont have complex thought
at least not small geckos
Loll
dragons have more thought, you can tell by their personalities
bigger brain, more personality
and i guess they dont work for free
because i have to pay for them
lol
i pay out money for their products, but they dont recieve any of the money
its a weird system
either way i love playing with them
and theyre so much fun
i mean I AM NOTHING, I DO NOT MAKE A DIFFERENCE ON THIS PLANET
but if i play god, i do make a difference.
It's like playing the original sims in real life
yea dude
omg just got my cousin so good
hes a redneck
and posted
"100 LIKES IN 1 HOUR IF YOU SUPPORT THE 2ND AMENDMENT
and i commented
How many likes for supporting just human life in general?
HAHA
Omg
since all i do at work is watch facebook
ive started trolling on a regular basis
or just giving out my opinions that arent needed
because im bored
I unfriend people constantly
and unlike pages
like
WHY DID I EVER LIKE THAT
and STOP POSTING MEMES
YOU DONT GET MEMES
THOSE ARENT FUNNY
ME TOO DUDE
im like I DONT LIKE THAT ONE KID THAT TAKES GYM CLASS TO SERIOUSLY
WHY DID I LIKE THAT
hahaha
dude ive been listening to fever ray and the knife
two seperate artists
but not really
the knife is olof and karin
fever ray is just karin
here check this out
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4F-CpE73o2M
YEAH I LIKED THAT ONE TOO HAHA
and ok
now The Knife does not sound like Fever Ray, but both are amazing and weird and swedish
that made me sleepy
but i like it

yea dude
now listen to pass this on by the knife
you like?
all of the knifes songs all sound very different
i dont like some of them
Eh
I can't decide
thats okay
i cant ever either
lol
bro
i hope i get this house so bad
because im about to go off on mom, and i have no where to go if i do
Hold off on that then
haha
yea i know
im trying my very best
dude hear me out
do your pupils ever get big at night, like when youre manic?
Yeah
well mom thinks ive been getting high
or its psychosomatic 
they might
lol
dude
so she wont give me my medicine that i need
pupils do that at night anyway
she wont let m ehave it
it's a reponse to changes in light
wtf 
haha
like
yea but even in light my pupils are still too big
i think its mania
probably then if you're not a crack fiend 
lolol
but my point is
ive taken it into my own hands and been finding benzos (of the same mg) from people and taking them at night to sleep
and i feel like a junkie for that
but she wont give me my medicine
You could easily move out get a medical card and go to a doctor after this whole house thing is situated 
yea i know
but dude i found this benzo analog thats legal as long as its not consumed, its FDA approved in a ton of countries and prescribed for anxiety AND depression, and i ordered some because i had one once and it made me relaxed and even happy
its like a zoloft and xanax in one
that should be temporary though
yea it is
until you move out
yeah
cool thing is though, they end up costing the same as a prescription of them would here
like 15 dollars for 30 of them
woah
yeah
 haha
i order in bulk, keep a few for myself, and then sell them to the guy sitting next to me at work haha
so im getting basically free meds that help me a lot
How soon until this house thing is worked out?
hopefully a day or so
she wants to rent it feb 1st
so i hope she calls us back
ive been seriously praying
I really hope you get it
It would make your life 10x easier 
in every aspect
i know
i could walk to work
it would be a bitch but i could get there lol
haha
yeah
Still
she said she may even do rent to own
which would be perfect
its a house from the 40
40's
crystal door knobs and all
its huge dude, its my dream house
looks like the one im living in now
except a tad bit smaller
2 floors and a huge basement, and awesome back porch for barbeques
and that's great anyway
because you don't need one that's any bigger 
and you like it a lot
and it's rent to own
is it one of those
possible rent to own
"RENT TO OWN" or "possible rent to own over an extended period of rent payements"
Oh
ok
ha
yealol
either way
i would live there forever
they even have a fancy fan with a remote in it
got kicked out again
really?
having to sell geckos for gas money to work because of tims god damned piece of shit truck
yep
what happened
more bullshit
she accused me of abusing my medication because i had a beer with my ativan
and i said, why are you letting minors drink beer
she claims i was stumbling and slurring my speach, but thats because i had just woken up and had drank a bear and an ativan.  thats not drug abuse, jesus
five minutes after i woke up i was fine
I've seen you when you first wake up before
you just tend to do that
lol
wtf man
also
well played.
yea
so she shut off my phone
Oh wow
so im looking at new services
Anything but at&t is an excellent deal
haha so ive heard
i might just buy a virgin mobile phone
because my contract hasnt been fulfilled
That's actually really good
so i cant get straight talk
Virgin mobile is,
yea their phones can be sketchy though lol
yeah kind of knock off of mainstream phones
but still pretty good
haha
i just need a phone for basic functions
tried to use my old phone i bought from kroger
oh yeah
but i guess it was inactive for so long
that thing
dude
that they just dont recognize the number anymore
I have your old phone. Next time I'm in town I can give it to you
haha
well
idk if yo ucould use it
because I got a new one
what kind of service is it on?
The one that you traded me for?
It was ATT I think..
oh the captivate
Yeah
i think im going to do virgin mobile just because i need a phone asap
because my stress is high enough without a house or car lol
i just want a phone
Yeah
Virgin mobile is a good choice
trying to sell some geckos braj
theyre my first babies too =/
awh :/
yea but i have eggs incubating now
so there will be more in about 2 months
Where are you keeping them
at chris"
we have like
30 animals
in one room
oh my woah jeez
wow
yea
i mean
thats what i mean when i say
we need this house
Yeah
totally
if we dont get it, which i dont even want to thin about, we will need to buy a car AND an apartment
and live in this shithole for longer
Do you have competition?
not really, not that she said
she sounded like she liked us a lot
like the place was ours
but we havent heard anything
I really think youll get it
it sounds really promising
please i dunno if you believe in a god or whatever
but please pray for me
I believe in getting yours and fate
and you need this
and after a lot of frustrating time
I think it's gonna work out
i really hope so
i think ive dealt with in 19 years
more than most people deal with in a lifetime
Same here dude
in different ways
but I understand
yea youre situation is fucked too, but you kind of got out
i culdnt hang in long enough to
Yeah
for me it was almost luck. My entire  family is BAT SHIT crazy and something in me snapped and I tuned them out and realized I would do anything to escape
That seems to be occurring to you now though. You honestly don't need to be treated like a child and your mom will never cease to do that. As many times as shes thrown you out, this might be the one time you don't go back 
I'm pretty sure it is
i mean i cant go back after the whole alcohol thing was brought up lol
shes probably afraid of me
she says im written out of her will now lol
i just have to do things on my own
Which by the way totally exists and isn't a symbolic punch to the throat
haha
I hate that stupid shit
my dad has pulled that
they do a lot of the same things
like
YOURE OUTTA MY LIFE
Youre in
YOU CANT HAVE MY THINGS
THEN YOURE OUT
haaha yep
EXACTLY
i had to sneak MY laptop and MY camera out
did you know mc hammer had a cartoon? haha
haha what
yea my boss showed me one of the episodes
DUDE I GOT AN APARTMENT
WhaT?!
AWESOME!!!!
yea dude in the nice part of dunbar that i didnt know existed hahaha
its a two bedroom but the second bedroom is connected to the living room so its a reptile room/dining room lol
has an upstairs thats all one bedroom
That's fantastic
also
I didn't know that ther was a good part of dunbar either 
haha
but really 
that's so great it worked out
its like by the river kind of, theres a lot of nice big old houses
yea dud eonly 450 a month too
we truly lucked out
That's a great deal
renting is 99% of humanities only option, and they can't afford it
lol
oops
typo
yea dude i want to get a house soon but living in a two room duplex with chris' whore mom and diva dad is getting to me
tim is nice enough to take us to work every day but chris' mom is a total bitch
"diva dad?"
hahah
yea dude hes a huge redneck and borderline idiotic and used to be a drag queen
dude you need to come down and see our place when youre in town
Definitely! 
decorating it with gecko stuff
look
http://www.etsy.com/listing/122162799/funky-orange-tropical-gecko-on-a-bright?
awh that's neat
It's 2 stories, the whole upstairs is a bedroom
and dude chris and i quit smoking, we do the vape thang now lol
HAHA
nice
I tried that
 I ended up having to quit cold turkey
I got addicted to those
I recently stopped drinking coffee because I found out it is horrible for anxiety, and it was almost as hard as cigarettes lol
yea dude dont even get the dumb e cigs, im talking about a heavy duty personal vape with a wattage adjustment and liquid tank where you can customize EVERYTHING.  im vaping on some icey strawberry right now
That sounds yummy lol
What an enjoyable way to not smoke
its so good, im at 16 mg nicotine now but i just ordered 11 mg so im weaning off because nicotine itself is bad for you
yeah haha
they have clove flavor too <3333
CLOVE
right?!
i have cigarettes on my dresser that i havent even touched lol
dude you know that anxiety med i was ordering from overseas?
i tried to order 200 of them, keep 100, sell 100
they sent me
TWO THOUSAND.
and i dont even know any drug people to buy them
Oh my god
hahahaha
SERIOUSLY
i saw the box and counted them and i was like CHINESE PEOPLE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE GOOD WITH NUMBERS
that's hilarious 
i know man, but i have no where to push them
no one wants benzos now
a week ago everyone wanted them
dude im gettingt he reptile room set up today
you should come by sometime
dude when are you inn town next?
chris' dad is having gangrene removed from his toes/feet and i have no ride to work until i get my car in like a week
and i miss having a real friend aroudn
Dude wait what?
I just opened up facebook
Gangrene?! how.?
diabetes
and his horrid cutn wife feeds him carbs and candy and cigarettes
and i have a really nice apartment
but my car wont be ready for a week or so
oh my gosh
oh wait where is it?
in the good part of dunbar
near the river
tryign to get my car insuarance set up
so i can drive when tim has no foot
because if i lose my job, i lose everything
when are you coming into twn?
I'm not suuuree
come see my new house D:
dude would you or one of your friends in chas be interested in a bass guitar?
Ahh probably not. Sorry dude! Haha. And ill be in eventually!
danelectro longhorn blueburst
ah okay man seeya
COME HOME
hey man, whats up?
Working on economics 
aboout to look for quarters to see if I can get my prescription lol
what about you?
hahaha, im at work, dealing with some rihanna tour date cancellation bullish
ya know
RIHANNNAAAAAAAAAAAAA
no
That must be hell
yea dude, ive almost just stopped listening to music due to my job lol
I imagine 100s of weird middle aged white guys wanting tickets and how weird it is to speak with them
its very odd, i dont have to answer phones anymore but im so glad i dont lol
chris is training at my pay rate finally, so we both get paid the same, except i work more hours
Oh I didn't know that haha awesome
and sweet
yea dude, my new car is a piece of poop on wheels but its mine, no one else's and that's cool to me
and are you into beck?  chris got me listening to him and the dudes got groove
I haven't been listening to music much recently oddly 
yea me neither, except for when im at work and theres nothing better to do. i only have a tape player in my car and no music on my new phone so i just use spotify and youtube for music when i feel so inclined
hey um when you get anxious sometimes do you ever get just like random weird pains in different places? like to the point of expecting a blood clot at any second and not even caring anymore
Yes. But the less you fixate on those kind of things the less they happen
in my expierience 
yea i try but like certain times, such as this week, i cant even sleep. like, im terrified of sleeping now because my dreams are so terrible.
I know... I know
i mean it sickens me sometimes what my mind throws at me
mikeel
yess
hows school been going?
is it like class with mr jessee but real-life hard? lolol
i couldnt do it
It's objectively been going okay. Although, I had to start seeing a therapist because I'm so insanely miserable here.
haha
is it reallt that bad? just being away from your family or?
It's a lot of super complicated personal stuff. Combined with everyone in Morgantown being from Jersey, grain alcohol flowing through their veins. lol. and they hired a new violin professor this year who is so so so so hard. I thought I was gonna get Mr. Tan
does therapy help you at all?  i always freak out and start crying when im forced to talk about stuff.
Oh yeah for suure
it's really child like at times
but
that kind of stuff needs to be done
like
basic communication
it's so awful
but it doesn't last long
i need some kind of help, i just hate therapists because ive been forced to see them since my parents got divorced
I used to hate them
but if you cooperate completely
and let them know that you have a good insight on things as well
it's not a waste
they have to assume you don't know what your problems are or how to solve them
if you present yourself intelligently they will treat you as such
i just feel like in therapy you need to lay all your cards on the table for it to work, and im not ready to do that
im still ashamed of a lot of things ive done and still do
I let out things that I've never told anyone
and I hated it 
but now i feel a little more secure
huh, it would be nice to have someone to talk to that isnt a part of me at all. like i can talk to chris but he doesnt see me objectively.
Exactly
huh, i may have to think about seeing someone then. i just have a crazy work schedule and like doing absolutely nothing on my days off lol
so when you graduate, what do you want to do with your degree?
Well honestly put off work for as long as possible, so probably grad school. Maybe find a TA position somewhere. All in all, I wouldn't mind teaching at the college level, playing in an orchestra, or playing in a smaller ensemble. On the other hand (dream) , I want to double major in economics/finance and see if I can't eventually work my way into a position to revamp classical music personal and how orchestras are budgeted. They keep going bankrupt constantly. 
I'm realistically not good enough to be an orchestral musician at this point. So I'm weighing everything out.
huh well thats really cool.  i guess you could keep going to school and join an ensemble and make money playing for people.  i just wondered about the money aspect, i guess.  im thinking about going to trade school for something but i have no idea what.
You know what's worth a lot? A business degree/certificate. They're everywhere...here, there, ..There's like a million online programs too if you don't have time. It's a guaranteed higher salary for no matter what kind of job you wanna work 
really? huh...that would be cool, because im working on having my own business.  the geckos are coming along really well so far. ill make like 800 dollars off their eggs this year, selling them at really low prices
Do it.
actually more money, they lay eggs for 8 months out of the year, so i have no idea how many eggs ill have this year
You clearly know how to run a business then you know
chris is actually a really good businessman as well
look into it. People fish through resumes and trash them until they see some kind of business certification 
I read some article on it
it's sad, but it's true
huh. do you know how many years it takes to get one?
what kind of stuff do you even learn and test on?
for business
It's such a valuable degree. Hm I mean some people do it all online, and you can do accelerated programs and such in a couple of years that get you through a certification and an MBA. Some people get a 4 year degree then go to business school. Some people do an associates in something and do a business degree. Some people just do a bachelors degree in like management.
Either way, it seems to be worth it
read up on it
I'm not sure about the specifics
huh alright, i definitely will. ill let chris know, too. hes wanted to get into some kind of school as well.
i know i may get a scholarship if i apply for one, based on my GED scores, and i can go to Marshall for free but i dont really like marshall
Someone got arrested (a prof.) during a class there today for child porn possession 
What would you even do
like
uhhh
wat
for real, during class?
hahaha
Yea!
haha
like cops just strolled in apparently 
bob dropped out apparently, because lindsay wilson got a restraining order against him hahaha
they were dating i guess? and darian told lindsay he cheated on her and she straight called the cops and filed against him for abuse and he dropped out
saw that coming, right? lolol
Oh god
I forgot all about all day
haha
lindsay looks weird as shit now, shes skinny but looks a lot like her mom with the bug eyes and horse mouth. but bob apparently was like madly in love wit her haha
Oh my god
hahaha
yea dude, like, this is why marshall is just not appealing, its just like GW haha
but with more crime
WVU has online 
and would give you in state cost
I say this
because
I just got an email from them about this
haha
what is in state cost?
like
colleges cost less if you live in the state where they are located
I worded that poorly
lol
hahaha
but i understood
i didnt know that though
Yeah
lol
i wonder if online college is crippling hard like online high school was lol
I don't think it is
you can do it whenever 
haha
like no deadlines
huh well thats really cool at least. ill definitely look into it, and see if wvu is on my list of schools that may give me a free ride
i need to do something though, recently i dont really have any long-term goals besides my animals and its kind of put me into this wierd mental state, i guess its like a depression
Yeah I know what you mean
i have my own house and it feels very foreign, i dont know what it is really.
I've been there on and off for two years
woah
yeah
that's something 
i dunno
I haven't experienced that yet so 
haha
i dunno i just feel like for the past 2 years, getting out on my own was my main goal, and now im there, making plenty money to take care of my stuff, and i dont really have a big goal anymore
Yeah It's good to continuously set higher ones I think 
you accomplished probably...the most difficult one
yea id say so lol. but now that its done its not even a challenge because i work full time and chris and i both bring in plenty enough money to take care of ourselves
Yeah
if you feel you need to challenge yourself then you most likely do
lol
yea i guess i do
i just dont like to over challenge myself
but maybe online classes would work
its like, i go home and try to find something to watch online. but i dont really have anything to DO, ya know? feed geckos, check eggs, press play on Portlandia, repeat. lol
Hahah
Yeah
I think online classes would be a good start if you don't want to overwhelm yourself
I mean you just got through a lot 
can you just sign up for a couple of them at a time? 
I think so
You can take as long as you wan basically
because i would always get overwhelmed at all the different classes i had to do work for
i wonder what classes are required for like a basic degree
i dont know what a good basic degree is
Just start googlin'
honestly
yea true, i didnt mean to be "that guy" hahah
JUST GOOGLE IT
HAH
but google is such a great resource
you know you can watch like everything on the internet for free? we bought a 32' tv and dont even have tv. we just use it for our PC
F tv
netflix is all I need for that kind of thing
its just so expensive, i already pay 60 a month for internet, thats all im spending on a connection lol
Woah
haha
my phone is only 35 a month thankfully
havent gotten actual bills yet though, like for water and electric and stuff.  so we'll see how bad those are lol
i like that i can just pay them online though
and they send them to us way before theyre actually due
if you ever want to watch a movie thatll make you laugh and feel better about yourself at the saame time
watch Good Hair with Chris Rock
heya
doo you know when youre coming back?
friday
for real?!
yea
wanna come over and watch tv and play with lizards???
at some point later in the week
I'm just
I feel awful
got an ativan refill this morning after a freak panic attack, barely got in to see my doctor, so i feel okay now
good
im glad
do they still have you on benzos?
Yes.
and they dont help?
I'm on more medications now than your average 70 year old
it isn't a medicinal  issue
what is it?
I'm depressed beyond the point of psychiatric treatment
therapy helps a little
after these benzos stop working ill be at that point
do  you know of a pet store called scales n tails in motown?
no
haha
im buying some blue pacman frogs from the guy there
and i have no way of getting them here, he wont ship yet
im going to have to take off time from work to drive there just for frogs
and i hate driving my poop car
I would offer to get them but it's just not possible 
Im sorry :/
yea and i dont have them completely paid off yet anyways
150 dollar frogs
i owe a lot of people money for animals lol, thats the only way to get ahead in the herp world, is to use payment plans to get shit you could normally never afford
Haha
is there a black market for reptiles
kind of but not really. well, not yet.  when they ban them all there will be.
right now its just people selling hot snakes at reptile shows under the counter, sneaking them in with styrofoam coolers
so with your recent upsets and depression, what would you say its all caused by?
My grandfather's passing, my contempt for morgantown, a couple of uncomfortably awful personal issues, hard decisions 
i would guess
decisions upset me a lot. how are you and bella?
Fine honestly. I just am having personal problems. My main issue is that I suck at saying important things, or forcing myself to say them, or picking which ones to say.
decisions are the worst thing in the world lol
of any kind
even food selection
i know dude haha. i thiought i had a blood clot in my arm the other day and went to the doctor and they said it probably isnt a clot, probably just a deep bruise
You know what I wanna do?
but i have an order to get my arm x-rayed and i would have to wake up early to do that and i just havent done it
what?
There's this thing called "The Alexander Technique." It isn't yoga, but it helps you find comfort in every physical motion your body goes through. Kind of like tai chi I guess? It's supposed to help you find a physical balance, just  comfort in everything you do. So no activity will cause you pain, and because pain and fear of pain in any kind causes mental stress it cuts that down a lot. I think you have to take classes but there are a lot of books on it
Kind of  seems like it would eliminate anxiety 
huh, ill have to look that up
whered you hear about it?
The violin teacher from ohio state came here and talked a bit about it, because apparently like late in life she adopted it and doesn't even get jittery anymore when playing for large audiences. So much of my anxiety comes from paranoia about my posture and discomfort such as when I'm walking in public. The techniques apply to everything, but there are specifics to different tasks, just like tai chi I guess. Feeling comfortable with myself seems like a solution
Just like, standing in line, and what to do with my hands and stuff
haha
idk
thats really cool, and yea i feel like my entire physical being is kind of embarrassing just from my movements and stuff
EXACTLY
that's my whole life
I can't even walk correctly sometimes
just from anxiety i suppose
it used to be worse for me honestly, chris has helped me out a lot as far as being self conscious about my body.  i dont even think about what i look like anymore.  but sometimes it creeps back up on me.
It's not appearance with me....it's like....


am I walking funny?
am I staring at someone?
am I slouching?
How to I stand and be comfortable?

Getting from point a to point b without paranoia 
the last 3 i ask myself all the time
Yeah
and like
you look at other people
and think
Am I behaving a lot different than they are in the same situation?
such as....
purchasing a meal at a fast food restaurant 
What do I do with my hands? my wallet? my legs? my eyes?
PANIC blah
yea i do still get that paranoia. i forgot about it honestly because my newer fear is much worse. my fear recently has been more of a bodily harm fear. like im terrified of getting a stroke or blood clot.  
im always wanting to go to the ER
Oh god
its crippling
Honestly, I'm just really open to trying this thing I'm researching. I feel like if I can find a physical balance/peace I won't worry so much about my physical mechanics, and the worry won't be there
like im pretty sure i just have a bruise on my arm
that sounds really awful
I think that's probably it
but my anxiety CREATES the symptoms of a clot
like my arm tingling and looking purple, my mind does that
when i got my benzo refill the tingling stopped
I experience  those kind of things
and now it looks more like abruise
But pills aren't enough
for me anymore
and I can't rely on them forever. I know they're necessary for a lot of things, but I want to solve my anxiety my SELF 
for depression, other things, no that's chemical
anxiety is chemical to
but it's also pretty psychosomatic 
too*
yea it starts out chemical and then your anxiety creates more anxiety
Exactly 
its one of the most serious overlooked diseases
it really is life effecting, like i could get disability for it
And a lot of docs will want you to do things like face fears, talk to people, ect
because pills only solve the initial problem
not the millions of tiny problems that it creates
I bet you could
I know I could 
haha
docs think anyone that wants anxiety meds wants to get high, and is a benzo fiend
but I refuse to subject myself to that
but the fact is
i am a benzo fiend
because they make me feel normal
im no longer afraid
i dont get high off of them
they make me able to function
That's why I think you need therapy. not a counselor...a psychologist, a clinical psychologist. They work in conjunction with MD's to utilize meds as well as other techniques
The dependance is crippling 
for me
the impending doom of going a day without something
yea and expensive, like i told you, i have to supply myself with my own benzos
like maybe nothing will happen
but THE WORST COULD
very true
ive tried to get a psichiatrist
blaahhh spelling
If worse comes to worst you need to apply for a medical card and get to a psych-something
i have insurance
but all of the psychs here dont accept one of my insurances
a psychologist will give you a good reference to a psychiatrist 
and they have like 3 month waiting lists
Where have you tried?
is there not a doctor that can be both?
I can recommend places
there are places where two work literally side by side
they just have different specializations
that would be cool
im just afraid
that if i tell someone i used to use all kinds of drugs and weak benzos wont work on me
you have to move past that just to get to the point of going somewhere
No
theyll put me in drug treatment or something
Here's what will happen
you tell them that you did that
but
don't tell them things "wont work on you"
based on the severity of your sitution 
a good doc will prescribe everything correctly
if a couple weeks later you don't feel better
yea but usually like right now im on .5 ativan, i have to take like 6 for it to help
That's not commonly prescribed for severe anxiety honestly
i kknow
with what you're dealing with
a good psychiatrist would prescribe you something else
they arent a psychiatrist, just my primary care doctor prescribed it
Where have you tried to go?
jeanine walker
i dont remember the other places
where are good places? i need to find some
Damos psychological servies on D street in south charleston. They have a psychiatrist on staff as well as a psychologist.
If that isn't do-able, I'd suggest process strategies next to the sport mart on maccorkle ave.
I've already had.him 
Who?
And I've been there too lol 
Samoa 
Damos
How long ago?
Damos probably 6 or 7 years ago. Process strategies when I was like 6 
Damous would be a good place to go now.
But he already knows me 
So?
I mean he never gave me anxiety meds then, why would he now?
I don't like asking for benzos, it makes me feel bad 
because he wasn't authorized to. They didn't have a psychiatrist on staff then
Ohhh okay. So would I have to talk to him? He never helped before. He would just tell me to ignore Mindy.
Maybe, maybe not
All I know is that I highly recommend you try and get an appt 
Huh well I could try to schedule something there.
He would treat you differently as an adult as well
do it
Yea true. I'll call on lunch and see if they're open. 
Have you been there?
I've been trying to avoid this because of a conflict of interest. but yeah. My psychiatrist recently opened private practice there, and he is the kind of psychiatrist who talks to patients in depth. Very good with brain chemistry. 
I wouldn't mention me though lolol 
but yeah
i wont mention you
but i really, really appreciate the help
because i was lost as far as proffesional help
do you have their phone number? or i guess ill just call the main office and then what should i say?
that i need a psychiatrist or a psychologist or?
You need to make an appointment
and thenyll ask you what kind
so on
it's best to let them tell you about what they offer probably
and then you say
that is what my problem is or what i am looking for
idk
haha
lolol i love that guide to an awkward doctors appointment scheduling
should i maybe just say hey, i have crippling anxiety, my primary care physician said i should look for a psychiatrist but id also like a psychologist because i need to work through it with help
yes
something like that
 yeah
thank you, haha
wonder how long their waiting list is
not sure hm
well see I suppose
yup we'll see
the new benzo i ordered, well its the same benzo, but i cant find it in its pharmacuetical form anymore. now its powder. and the scales i have are lame and dont measure very well.
You should probably stop doing that as soon as you get to someone
yea i know
don't act like you want meds or know what meds you need either
haha
those things are pretty experimental and bad as faras i know too
what if they just dont give me anything then?
i need benzos and therapy, not one without the other
they will
you have to trust that people know what they're doing
or risk looking like a med seeker
which they also know how to spot
lol
how about if i just mention that im on ativan .5 and it doesnt really work
yeah thts fine
they;; askk you all this
because thats true
yea true, they would ask
thanks so much for your help
this could really turn my outlook around
no problem
do you still see him?
yep
what does he have you on currently?
a bunch of stuff 
that works great
haha
just make the appointment asap
and anticipate good results
: - ]
yay okay ill call today, do you know what time they close?
not sure
huh ill try to look it up
found a phone number atleast
i hope theyre open passed 4
because thats when my lunch is
They said their psychiatrist isn't taking new adult patients and gave my the number to psycare?
3047686170 psycare.   
Try process strategies if you want 
I still stand by them
Okay do they have a both types of doctors too?
They work in collaboration with highland hospital. They're owned by the same. Many of the doctors do out patient there. They're very good.  I don't know everything about them but I'm certain that they would have psychologists on staff
okay i called and they need both my insurance holders dates of births and ssn's. so ive gotta wait on that now
ok
don't back off on it though
im not, already asked my parents for their info
hopefully this will be the last amount of sketchy canadian drugs i have to order. theyll be here in like 3 days.  i hope my ativan can last until then
Oh gosh
ah
yeah
don't even tell me that
lol
those are so bad for you
you know its a real pharmaceutical though right?
this is just in its most potent form.
i usually get the pills that come straight out of blister packs with proper packaging and everything
Yeah
its just sketchy 
no matter how you rationalize it haha
our country wont regulate it because the tolerance is so easy to get.  it kind of sucks.  but its better than any benzo ive tried here. xanax put me to sleep and klonopin makes me forget EVERYTHING.  this just has smaller side effects i suppose.
I've always had bad experience looking up side effects. If I see what they are I always experience them. So I refrain from that haha 
i dont do it either.  im just saying from my personal experiences.
and people want to buy the stuff im getting.
and i really dont want to sell it
yeah
I just want you to get past this. its sucky
yep it is.  i just want a legal amount of legal drugs and some counseling
coming into charleston today?
Yes
excited?
is it like easter break or something?
Spring break. And yep. I need a break. I'm going to my appointment right now so I have to talk to you later haha 
okee dokee seeya
waddap broseph
i have to go to morgantown tomorrow.  irony.
hey man, whats up?
just sitting here. watching house with my dog.
what about you
haha
just got back from motown
wipers stopped working
turned a 2 hour trip at 70 mph into a 4 hour trip at 25-40 mph
almost got hit by trucks
so glad im home
Oh god
that sounds awful haha
yea like it was hailing, raining, and snowing all at once.
and i had to hold my head out my window to see the road
I've had to do that
It's like
ahh
what the hell
my face but i must drive
yea haha and i had a dragon and two frogs in the back so i had to roll the window up and crank up the heat
oh damn
the struggle
EXACTLY
but im not revered as the ultimate driver haha
haha
wish you would have come over yesterday, took a sick day because of work anxiety. slept for about 16 hours.
I would've but I don't know where you live and I didn't know you wantwd me to 
ive been asking you to come over for like weeks lol
you could have messaged me
now im not off until sunday
Sorry????? 
Hm
Well 
Okay
What day is today
Lol
friday
Tomorrow we might be able to hangout because I don't leave until sunday 
i work tomorrow D:
I thought you were off till Sunday ahhhh
nope haha
when do you leave sunday?
hm...
do you have like a curfew?
because you could come over after i get off work tomorrow
I mean I have 8 am class monday and its about a six hour road trip for my mom Sunday 
Hemmmrtm
Like
Maybe like..what time about
i get off work tomorrow at 7:30
same as every day
back in motown?
yepp
that sucks
Believe me
it really sucks
Everyone here is rich and from new jersey and has an IQ of like 50 
oh god it's mtv
didnt depict it like that. i was only in a pet shop for like 3 hours lol
It's exactly like that. Hardly anyone actually from wv. Everyone's from newark/long island, looks like guido trash, and is constantly on ecstasy  
people kill me
lol
that sounds terrible
Sorry we didn't get to hangout saturday. my mom left and went somewhere and I was home alone .-.
I'm outta school in a month anyway
Hey man its cool. There will just be many more animals for you to meet lol 
haha! alright
help me pick the best beck photo for a portrait
this is from a 90's music video called Beercan
Wait what?
im getting a beck portrait on me
with lyrics "pay no mind"
and which photo would look better?
assuming the older one is cleaned up
wait the 2nd one didnt send
nan
i love beck so much, please listen to a couple songs if i send them to you
I know beck
hm
hold on
I KNOW YOU KNOW HIM
but do you KNOW him?
haha
I just was multitasking 
haha
shut up
haha
hes my favorite
i love him with all my heart
ive disclosed this to chris
I like newer beck a lot
do you?
me too
Yesssss
yes hes like the best
Only other person I've found is Bella
everyeone's like
OLD BECK
he's a damn good artist 
hey have you heard his old stuff though?
oh yeahs
everything he does is good
exactly
Beercan is the video that first photo is from
such a great song
I'm getting "pay no mind" tattooed onm y at black eagle sometime soon
It took me a while to get into him because he's so weird
but then I'm like
I'm weird
chris has loved him for years
and i just now discovered that he is my god
not really but you know what i mean
have you listened to pay no mind?
if not, do so now. i can play it on guitar
Yes and I support this tatto idea
THANK YOU
im probably going to have to go to Cincinnati to get it done 
and it will probably cost 500-600 dollars
Damn
my dragon was 400 haha
well art is expensive yeah lol
especially when its not from nick ross
anyways haha
god
 lol
i dont know where to get the portrait
if i get the first one, i can fit it on the outside of my forearm
but the 2nd one would take up a ton of space
compromises...
hm
i have tiny arms haha
I cant make decision
hahaha
s*
i could get it on my upper arm but no one would see it
i have to be able to get this just right
ive got one possible spot, oon the top of my right forearm by my dragon, that MAY fit it
yea ive gotta go with new beck
maybe old beck at some other time
but new beck will fit perfectly and the blue filler will work well with the filler on my dragon
okay now i really need a modern guilt fan's help
take the song modern guilt
i want to pick one stanza, two lines from one stanza, and have it printed around my wrist right under the portrait. like a bracelet
i like "Modern guilt, I'm under lock and key"
it fits because that photo is from that album era
then on the left wrist, itll say pay no mind
or "modern guilt is all in our hands"
dude, check it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-98bzp1qd7A
greatest IDM artists of all time collabing
you know The Aphex Twin, right?
aiight
listen to that for a asecond
and then strap your crazy suit on
and check this out, its audio only
gives me goosebumps
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEVV4SbUDZY
haha oh god DOUBLE TIME
dude please tell me you know aphex twin
I don't
hes like the mozart of all electronic music today
LITERALLY
I'm out of out loop
damn
lol
his videos were banned from mtv in the early 90's
let me show you why
show me why
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmuZ4Q-hlvI
I LOVE THIS
Omg
this monologue 
what is going on
hahahaha
i know dude
stick it out
motha fucka motha fucka
STICK IT OUT
for the music
AND FOR....THE FACE
THE APHEX TWIN HIMSELF
hes a god damned god
btw the beginning is making fun of rap music, this was back when it was like 2000
he essentially created all sounds in any music today haha
so rappers are probably using his samples
he was doing crazy shit, ALL ANALOG, in the early 90's
all of his music was done using his own hands, no macbook
midi keyboards and drumsets man
and probably sony acid haha
let me know what you think
I had to skip over the talking to the music
haha
you didnt miss the limo did you?
you HAVE to see his entrance
start at 3:50
try this on then
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Az_7U0-cK0
once again, watch for his face
its essentially his icon
No I did see that
ok
oh and the banshee scream too, you'll like that, it gives me goosebumps
favorite song right now. hes got like a billion albums of music thats almost just noise
and a handful of ones that he could make videos for haha
this was in 97
and watch the banshee transform as well
APHEX IS THE BANSHEE THE WHOLE TIME!
alright now i have two more videos, you get to pick. donkey rhubarb or rubber johnny.  donkey rhubarb is more happy and mindless, rubber johnny is almost disturbing
have you ever watched the honey boo boo beast?
I can't say that I have lol
im listening to trevor moore from whitest kids on jay leno trying to pick up girls using lines from honey boo boo
Omg
lol
you have to watch it, its the funniest thing ive seen in a looong time
youtube that ish
he uses the phrase "vagigle jiggle"
I will bookmark that
please do hahaha
I'm currently multi  tasking like crazy
haha
but yes
i have to watch the show now
It sounds worth it
oh and chris dragged me into watching some buckwild the other day. i was just trying to see when they were in key west because chris worked there at the time but there was too much redneck bullshit so we gave up
Like
that show
is just another reality show
It's not awful comparatively 
BUT
I hate trash tv
so it generally isn't good
not embarrassing though 
yea its really not that bad
as far as misrepresenting us
its pretty accurate haha
I think Whites have embarrassed  WV than any tv show could ever top 
for sissonville
therefore 
yeah
haha
it's just idiots acting a fool.
not real
yep pretty much
a show ive been sucked into
is fantasy factory
I don't like it
whyzat?
It just doesn't entertain me. It did in the first season or two for sure
just lost interest
haha
i love it, cant tell why
evem got chris to watch it with me
OH DUDE
im working on a sick song in FL Studio, Aphex Twin inspired me
I want it to be about 2 minutes long, and so far its turning out to be like glitch-jungle-breaks haha
chris is teaching me how to use the stuff
Sounds crazy awesome 
i hope it turns out to be
by the time i got the intro done i had finished a 40 haha
when youre laying down trap ass beats, you have to be sippin on a 40
also, i drunkenly got myself attacked by my dragons for the first time
hahaha
hey man
hey
whats been goin on yo?
Just preparing for finals and juries and such. This week is "dead" week so they don't make us do much so we can study...aka relaxation time
What re  you upto ?
huh, that's kinda cool.  im just working.  i got my fafsa forms sent in so hopefully ill get a pell grant for school
I'm so proud of you. It takes real maturity to hold down a job and do all of that
Seriously, f*** everyone that judged you for dropping out. Some people's lives just play out differently than others. And you're doing well at your current job
i really appreciate that =]
I mean, I just want to do what I need to do.  I want to keep breeding reptiles and sell them, but until we have enough of them to make a substantial profit off of, I need this job and I'd like to get some sort of degree
I was skeptical at first, and then I realized how shitty life can be and that you have to make your own passages to get where you want. 
Yeah you aren't stupid
but you also aren't some boring office junky
You were just too frequently underestimated by your own family
I think you and Chris have a really solid foundation
it's great
Thanks :D yea, most kids drop out and work at mcdonalds or something and have really shitty apartments or are homeless, have kids, have to ride a bus to get anywhere and just kind of do that for the rest of their lives.  take chris wilcher or emily tighe for an example haha
God...
they turned out
together
LOLOL
I KNOW
hahaha
shit man
lol
All they do is smoke weed, work at panera, and sell chris' anxiety meds
wow
why am I not shocked
hahaha
I'm so glad to be getting out of wb
wv
where are you going again? and when?
our old friends have turned into such ass hats
lololol
Oh yeah, sorry I haven't really told you much about that. I got into a program to study in NYC this sumer for a month on a scholarship, and I'm moving to Columbus in the Fall to go to OSU.
I'm getting back to charleston next week though
!
that's going to be a lot of fun! and let me know when youre here, we need to hang out
come over and watch borat haha
I will for sure haha
I have Sundays and Mondays off but I can request days off a week in advance
I've been watching trailer park boys today
I forget which movie
yes!
I haven't seen this one though
theyre working on the 3rd movie now
I KNOW
OMG
haha
im pretty excited about it
i hope they never stop making movies, even though their show went off the air a long time ago
yeah really
haha
I am stoked on the new season of arrested develpoment
have you seen that shit?
Jesus
haha
is it a new season or a movie?
New season
i thought they were just doing a movie. thats even better!
Netflix is producing and pay for all of it
and after that
a movie
it's coming out in early may
whaaaa
i know atleast adam and ders from workaholics are going to be in it
I'll give you my netflix shiz after I move out of morgantown so you can watch it if you don't have it. I'm gonna take away my roommate's access to it anyway haha
YEAH
It's gonna be classic
all original cast
i can use michael's netflix account still i think. i dunno if he changed the password.  he and mom are getting divorced, going to court this month lol
AND IT DOESNT AFFECT YOU THIS TIME
haha
woo
is she still self-diluted and running that out of place beauty place 
It just didn't seem to belong geographically lol
yea pretty much, she's in south charleston now with her business and i think is going to move to a new building and have a whole floor to herself.  her business has been much better recently but its still not enough to pay everything, so thats what the prenup is for that michael is trying to get out of.  there's no way he'll be able to
Damn
That's a mess
yea pretty much haha
she reimbursed me for my groceries this week though, which is cool
forgot about my car insurance, so i could kind of use it
Oh yeah
hm
I feel bad for that lady
haha shes so strange recently
she gave me and chris.....a gift set of personal lubricants
SO AWKWARD
Dude she's mentally ill
That's some low level emotional intelligence 
That's not appropriate interaction with your daughter
either she's on drugs
or insane
a little of both haha
Oh yeah?
i swear on 4/20 she was high
but i know she has xanax
and still drinks some, not much
but she's obviously insane
my god
lol
yea dude haha.  and i mean I smoke weed but it's not awesome, I don't need it, I just have it.  I don't even touch it most of the time.  
And I don't really drink either
and i see a doctor for my anxiety on the 9th, so then that'll be fixed too
Yeah awesome
!
i have no clue what im going to try to study in school, i want to do something that can get me a job immediately where i'll make decent money but i can't choose anything
Hm
googling is my answer for everything 
haha
yea but im trying to go to kvctc
maybe when i get my grant (hopefully) ill just schedule a meeting with them and have them go through stuff with me
oh ok so they have a small set list type thing
yeah
do that
like im sure they have "advising"
yea they dont have a ton of programs, but they're conveniently located and relatively cheap
might do psychiatric rehabilitatino
rehab
lolol
anyways, its only like 12 credit hours for the skill set and then you can work in a lot of different places
then after a year of working i can take some exam and become certified
hey man, whats up?
Studying in the waiting room. Lol what about you
Sitting at work, drooling over geckos lol. I want them all!  I think we're going to vend cresties at the Summersville show in July.
We'll have like 15 babies by then
When are you gonna be in charleston?
Hm about tomorrow evening 
Awesome, I have Thursday off for my psychiatrist appointment that morning if you wanna come hang out that afternoon
If I can. I haven't been home in almost two months so they'll probably want me for a few days lol
Ah okay, othewrwise I'm off Sundays and Mondays
 Sundies n mondies 
Hahaha yes, Not tuesdies or wednesdies
You'll be amazed at my reptile/phib collection now.  It's pretty crazy.  And I'm getting a female leachie and a new male red/orange crested soon
How do you keep track of all these haha
They all have names haha, I have to make sure to name them all or I do lose track.  I named our new babies alphabetically.  I did lose count a long time ago though.
And I sell the ones that aren't condusive to great breeding stock.
im getting a trio of green sided tree skinks for our 350 dollar display set-up on sunday, im so excited.  we had really small all female parthenogenic mourning gecko in it but theyre tiny and hide so it was a wate of the set-up
you should come over monday if you can
I'll be in columbus :/
whaa why
sowwy
Orientation for OSU
when do you come back?
when are you off again after that?
tuesday probably or late monday
im off every sunday and monday
Noted.
That will not be asked again for future reference haha
haha, because now it's noted 
in fact
it's duly noted
hahaha
well i hope you enjoy the osu thing, that should be fun
Yeah I hope. I just am so done with traveling. I'm going back to charleston this evening 
that's enough for one week
you could always come over one day after i get off work, depending on what your family is doing
Yeah! that would probably be doable 
Yep so friday or saturday evening, i get off work at 7:30 every day
i usually go straight home if i can avoid my mom haha
we have to go to her house tomorrow so chris can finish gardening, she's making him weed and mulch both her yards
we could probably get out of there early tomorrow but your family may want to keep you there if youre just coming back to charleston
Friday is a good possibility 
cool beans, you can have the gecko tour =P
I think friday I'll be paying off my female leachie and new male crested as well
Your knowledge of reptiles has reached the point to where I'll have to see to fully grasp
lol
pretty much lol, have you seen my business facebook?
Nope!
What's the link?
oh gosh!
Hi jjj.  The Live Nation presale code for that event is DANDELIONS.  We hope this helps!
sorry haha work shit
https://www.facebook.com/AlmostHeavenHerps
omg
lololol
IT DIDN'T HELP 
yep im like a bot
hahaha
enter captcha 
pretty much lol
you can look at all my animals on there though
whoa,there's a good amount of activity on there
yea haha we're gonna vend a reptile show in summersville on july 27th
we're breeding quite a few things now
That's really cool actually
I find small businesses very interesting
like
especially in this area
because I don't know the market for it
like how you advertise sell/and who you sell too and shit.
It seems a bit more personal than like, selling handmade sweaters or something
lol
yea i mean i have to establish friendships with pretty much any of my clientele
they have to trust that youre a good person and wont sell them sick animals
I'm seeing that via facebook creeping
ah i see
hahaha
so the potential for a defective product would be a "sick" animal
that kind of takes the life out of the animal
but I see where that would be something less favorable haha
yea haha a sick animal or a photoshopped animal
omg
people do that
hahahahahahaha
thats why i have tok eep photos updates because the cresteds change colors, you have to show people their color range
and yes people photo shop their animals, its bullshit
That's hilarious 
if you say it's not
you're lying
I mean on a business level it's annoying
but
objectively
WTF
hahaha
ive never realized that its funny because ive been a victim of it, but from an outsiders stand point i could see the humor
Of all things to falsify 
Exactly 
That's what I mean
haha
i mean if it looks prettier you get more money
so people take that to an extreme
What's the basis for beauty?
COLOR
what if it's grey and brown
loljk
color and structure, facial shape, patterns. greys whites and blacks are really becoming sought after, people have been finding black cresteds and everyones losing their shit lol
they were thought to be non existent
but someone people created them
Sell dren from splice
she would be a holdback for sure haha
Depends on how you look at it
Weaponize her
sell her to people losing their gun rights on the black market
oh god
I'm creating a zombie apocalypse scenario 
hahaha biological weapons
i mean, reptiles could easily kill some people
i wanted a monitor lizard but after seeing what they do to people i decided no haha
Oh wow
I'd say no to that
they have razor teeth, and it doesnt even make sense because their teeth arent serated but they cut like knives 
Eh
ouch
my dragons try to bite me now because the male is still growing and always hungry and hitler has become super food aggressive since we started breeding her
I bet it's interesting to observe that kind of thing
it's scary because theyre so big, but honestly it doesnt really hurt
they dont break the skin
heya, you coming over this evening?
Maybe. I'll have to see
okee dokee i tried to clean up some in case you do, we had reptiles and reptile accessories every where. lol
Let me know soonish please
Travis Strom wants us to go to the pet store to pick up a dumb corn snake with him and I'd rather not haha
does matt still have a crested>
?
any idea yet?  i kinda need to know, i need to go grocery shopping if no ones coming over
I'm not sure as of now
have you asked?
I'm not even home yet I'm waiting to leave bellas 
could i not get you from her house?
Im almost in sc, what's up 
I'm on my way home currently.  My mom wants me home I guess 
I was so excited =\ 
I know "/ its just a hectic time 
hey man
waddap man
Hey
whats been goin on?
One sec. Getting on the computer
ok
heya pal
haha
but nothing too much. Just searching for a job that I can get to by foot, and other unrealistic things
Whats about you?
dumb back street boys presale idiots haha
work at walgreens or somethign
SOMETHING
Backstreet boys
oh god
but If I lived on the west side stil that would be awesome
sadly I do not
wait where do you live now?
Behind the onestop near the capitol
wtf really?
haha i go by there to go to work, its up the hill.  apply at TM bro.
yes I've mentioned it maybe like once I think maybe
haha
and really?
yea dude you could technically walk here
or i could pick you up when possible
Where is it relatively located?
north gate business park
like past the marathon, second left after it
OH
ok
I know where that is
yep its pretty close to you lol
so when are you gonna come over
no? lol
I dunno honestly. My mom will be back from work any minute, I'll ask her when a convenient time would be. It's so hard for me not to just sit inside. I know if we hangout I'll enjoy it, I'm just so reclusive and have to force myself to leave the house. It isn't you lol
how do you think i feel having to entertain people because i have a house now? haha.  youre safe because you live with yuor mom, but people show up at my door and want to hang out and i have no excuse to get them to leave
Haha CATCH 22
ps
never read the book
never know if I'm using that correctly 
Just like saying it
me neither hahaha
but i believe it is correct there
dude catherine sapp and he socially retarded boyfriend were at my house last night and wouldnt shut up or leave, i hate it
hahaha
idek who that is
but it sounds awful
"socially Retarded" is never a good choice word
she went to gw, she may have graduated before you started
but dude
he was playing video games on his tabler
tablet
and screaming and cussing at it
and my fucking landlord was there haha
hes maybe even normal retarded lolol
whats up braj
hey man, wanna hang out?
i dont work tomorrow so i dont have to go to bed early
If you can wait till later tonight maybe (gotta practice violin)
yea for sure, around what time?
Hm I'll check with my mom. The only issue is trtransportation.
But aftee I prairie im free
i dont leave here until 7:30
i could get you yo
It would be a couple hours later than dat 
gah well damn haha, i dont have much gas money, a stupid incubator overdrafted me account, it was supposed to be charged 4 weeks ago
What exactly is an incubator? Reptile related I sure hope. 
yea haha for my bearded dragon eggs.  although with proper humidity they can hatch at room temps so im gonna send the 'bator back and do that
hey man whats up
at bellas right now. what are you up to?
also bellas gonna be outta town tomorrow, so I can definitely hang out 
Cleaning a bunch of stuff, trying to tend to a sick dragon.  I'm off today but I work tomorrow
I can stop by after you get off or you can swing by on the way back from work and my mom can bpick me up later that eening
is that okay??
that works fine for me
Danny was over last night and fell asleep on a chair in the living room.
it was awkward
i swear to god that dude is over here EVERY weekend
Hahahahaha
I love hi
m
we record his raps and put them on youtube, chris named him Trill Collins
omg....
yea dude haha.  im in a bit of a bind.  jamee stover was supposed to go to a reptile show with us next month and now she cant go, and the only fucking person who would even be remotely interested is roxanne and she's a dope fiend now
aye yo river
AYE YO RIVER
lol
hey...?
haha what
portlandia yo
OMG
haha
what season is that from?
not sure, maybe the first i think
Sacajawea 
Sacajawea, Sacajawea
SACAJAWEA
hahaha
we still good for this evening?
YES
Im so stoked
AWESOME
your house is behind where now?
the one stop across from the capitol complex on greenbrier
between this onestop and a church
okay, whats the address?
1658 franklin ave.
huh...is it a house or apartment?  sounds like a huge apartment we looked aty
at
it's like a row of attached houses. Kind of looks like a really tall condo complex
yep haha
Ha
yep
we may have almost rented that place
we're the only ones living here, we have one set of neighbors
and really?
i think so, ill have to see it before i can remember
This place is more expensive than our last place. Which is surprising. It's a BIT bigger but it's in a rough neighborhood and not in as good of shape, and a buncha other stuff
chris just messaged me that theres a guy in the bathroom stall screaming about hamburgers
like
he ate too many
?
he said one quote was
"Oh GOD! STUPID HAMBURGER!"
hm
sounds crazy as hell
yep people up here smoke crack and stuff
they dont drug test anyone
my boss sells and does heroin'
with emily tighe
hahaha
that's so sketchy
I just applied to radioshack and sears. each like three different positions
is ticketmaster hiring entry level/temp/part time anything?
ticketmaster hires a new group of people like once or twice a month usually
i applied and called and they called me a month later and gave me an interview and hired me on the spot
theyll hire anyone
hm
My issue is
after 2 or 3 week training you make 7.85 an hour
I need to find a place desperate for an employee. Like short staffed or something. My only money opp. is a wedding in june that I'l'l only be getting like 120 bucks for. 
I've been applying for these kinda jobs since april
around charleston
but THEY NEVER CALL BACK
lol
the problem is, no one is desperate for an employee in a land of unemployment
interviewing here is a sure shot
Exactly 
however, people are constantly getting hurt, and getting promoted, and working mroe at their second job
that's where these "part time" and seasonal things come up
or pretending to get hurt
everyone hired here is "seasonal" at first, but if you come to work then you eventually become permanent part time or full time
they dont fire people unless they really deserve it haha'
Unless the crack use is outta hand
theres a cook out today for sales and service as well haha
which you'd think would be easy to get to
yea haha the furry guy here got fired for being insensitive to a dying child
That's not funny
but it is
yea he loved renard
and never left me alone
martin mcquade is my desk mate, he's a lot nicer now that ive been here awhile.  maybe even a friend
i dunno man but you can easily get a job here and move up in no time at all
i make 9.40 an hour and i get a raise in august
enough to pay my bills and then some
My issue is
which is until June 30th , and why I wanted to get to work sooner than now
I have to lie about how long I need to stay
i mean, just act like you didnt know you had to leave
big deal haha
dude theres so many people here, they wont even need to replace you
that's the pla
n
haha
someone made german chocolate cake
yes
Delicious
it really is. every time i forget breakfast and lunch money someone has cake or donuts or something, just enough food to last me until I go home
ive got a new gecko coming tomorrow, if chris were home today it couldve been here today. poop
Matt's crestie died :/
wtf HOW
thats impossible haha
Long story short
When I went to morgantown, matt decided to take my room. My room is an uninsulated, partly finished attack. The little guy died from heat exhaustion it APPEARS. 
If he would've just stayed in his own room...
yep they dont do well in hot spaces.  if my house hits 80 i freak out haha
we have an AC for each floor just because of them
when it gets too warm i lose my mind, ive got like over a thousand dollars in animals easily
one gecko was 700
if it died id kill myself lol
O my gosh
lol
almost done paying on it's female mate, and they're both babies
they take 3 years to reach breeding size, biggest geckos on earth
not gonna lie, ive never been this excited to leave work haha.  i normally have nothing to do
new daft punk sucks D:
I honestly figured
saddest day of my ife lol
LIFE
theres one seemingly good song
maybe 2
lol
my managers only want to listen to diana ross and beyonce, halp
theyre sooooo gayyyyy
ooh god
hahaha
both managers, total queens
its exhausting haha
gonna leave in a minute bud
Okk
ayyye braj
 Hi
whats goin on?
In sc walking my dog
same dog?
Can I stop by later with matt? He wants to see the reptiles so baddd haha
you bet!  around what time?  we need to go to nitro after work and then grab some trash bags but we should be home by like 8:30
I'll see if isnt ready for bed by then haha. I just have to get my mom from work at nine. 
gah well what about tomorrow then?
because we've gotta drop a gecko off
What day is today lol
friday haha
dude tomorrow ill have a blood python
and saturday ill have a granite ball python thats 5 foot long
What time is good for you tomorrow? 
I get off at 7:30 tomorrow so like 8
do you have to get your mom tomorrow?
No today she just worked overtime. If not tomorrow definitely Sunday. I wanna come back anyway 
Awesome man, we could do some more ad libs haha
Omg hahahaha
they were so funny dude
im like a child hahaah
but dude look at this python im getting
Okayy haha
This is her, she'll get MUCH redder in a year or so
she's only a foot long now
Whoab
now look at an adult
most beautiful snake in the world, i may breed my female
"So long"
The adult is beautiful though
yea dude ive never been this excited for a snake, im trading two of my crested babies for it
and for the granite BP im trading my pacman frogs
ill probably sell the ball though
The age old barter system still in effect
for real man, it's awesome.  im broke but as long as i have animals i can get more animals lol
and thats the only think i buy that isnt gas or groceries anyways
you comin over later?
mikeel
michael?
wat r u doing
MIKEEL
Hey im not gonna be able to today 
OKAY
heyo
hey
got 3 new gecko babies
awesome sauce
I'm so sick -___ -
so excuse the passive tone
got the palsey?
haha
bell's
I went to the doctor thinking I had a sinus infection only to learn that I have the planet's worst allergies
what a good use of money
ME TOO!
i had weird pressure head aches
and it hurt a lot
I do too
and my eyes and sinuses and whole face are just like
ah
i was like that for over a week
I got prescribed steroids, but those last such a short amount of time 
I've been like this for almost a month
they told me to get zoloft haha
It's partly because of my SEVERE cat allergy
haha
ive still got some of it
not much though
stuffed nose and head aches
i mastered egg cutting
one hatched, the other didnt. i slit the egg and pressed on i and it popped out!
holy moly
what
I have a video of it on our business page
you can see it moving around in the egg
i didn't know that's how that worked
and then it cuts its own way out
you dont have to do it but they can drown in the egg if they dont make the first cut successfully
one of them wouldnt leave the egg
so tiny
the other one tried to bite me amillion times
awh
haha
brb
kayz
I'm gonna eat an egg sandwich
that sounds gross as I type it
but oh well
that sounds yummy
no turning back
EGGS
hahaha
i dont like egg salad though
whats up dood
what up brother
At subway. With my mom running errands.
heard that homes.  i went to kvctc and applied yesterday, got a GED scholarship so im gonna get an associates in addictions counseling
That's fantastic. Super awesome dude!
thankya :D I'll end up working 5 days a week and going to school on my days off but ill have to deal with it haha
You know you do whatcha gotta do. But super proud of you. Also. Google wv rehab. I just went there in kc. Giving me money fir school. They give people who've struggled with addictions and mental disabilities jobs and money for school. 
that sounds awesome, do you have to meet crazy criteria? lol
Nope. They have crazy funding. I got through with generalized anxiety, biploar, and adhd. You don't have to be like non functioning haha
i could use money for books, im not sure what kind of money ill get with the ged scholarship until i send my acceptance letter in the next few days
They'll most definitely be able to do that. At the least. 
i need to call state and get my soc and psych classes transferred because thats two kvctc classes i wont need to take
Do it. Its a pain but it saved me the college version of the kool aid Pavlov test 
Lolol
hahahaha
PAVLOV
dude
did you know roxanne is like a hard core dope addict now?
I called it. Didn't know it. Coulda guessed it though. Damn.
same with emily tighe, chris wilcher, everyone dude
I heard shayn davis finally hit rock bottom lolol 
yea dude
he shot himself in the arm and said it was someone else to pretend he got robbed to save him from owing thousands of money in heroin bills
then he wrecked a motorcycle and fucked his face up
Holy cow
yep
he's a total loon
That's twisted
and he got ashley painter addicted too
now shes a TOTAL whore
You can't hold It together forever lol 
She and him both are riddled with stds now I heard..by word of mouth 
are you serious? lol
how do people know that?
No one in that clique has self respect or privacy 
That's my guess
Lol
theyre pretty gross.  danny comes over every once in awhile, last time he said shayn told him that ashley will walk by a girl now and be like "do you wanna FUCK her?!"
totally sub human
And dannys old gifriend turned out to be a loon as well right? She stays facebook posting. Rap game let it go 
yea shes crazy, she showed up at his house and took a bunch of shit that wasnt hers
and now shes fucking a dude who was his good friend, the dude who gave me my beck tattoo haha
Oh my god
What a tramp
yep, theyre all disgusting dude
im waiting for them to all start dying, one by one
i actually talked to shayn yesterday out of boredom
told him i was going to be an addictions counselor haha
i dont ever talk to him personally or see him or anything
he scares me a lot
i dont like that he knows where i live
Ew
Thats scary
yea i always make sure our dead bolt is locked for that reason
dope fiends are insane
my biggest fear is that theyll hurt my animals D:
Jesus
They probably would too
They have no sense of respect or morals
nope haha shayns even gay for drugs now
he told me himself
"i like to suck a little dick every once in awhile"
Matt wants to know about frogs. Tell me about frogs.
Lol what kind of frogs? They're easily susceptible to bacteria and can eat stuff and get impacted and die and they refuse food a lot.
I hated my pacmans lol 
GREEN TREE FROGS 
Those are easier but frogs are frogs. Do some googling on them.  They're not great for handling, they absorb everything through their skin 
GREE TREE FROGS
did matt still wanna come over and see everybody?
Yeah! Lets try and do that soon. Haha. Maybe sunday? 
im off sunday so that works for me =]
Perfectenschlag
lolol
im looking for the perfect gecko right now, cant find it for sale anywhere
im saving up as much money as i can to get one
Is this a philosophical statement or is there a specific kind
haha
kind of both, i havent found it yet.  i need one with a HUGE head
So it's more of a mission that you know will be costly 
yes, pretty much.  ill probably be looking at like 500 dollars lol
Saving the money on the way to getting there
haha
Damn.
pretty much.  breeding season is almost over and no one has adults for sale =/
i have the best cresteds in the state now but i need to gon ational
national
these others breeders, the morons that work at specialty pets, shit talk us and try to jack our swag
but we'll always be better
hey so i need some halp
What's up? 
got a letter saying i got a scholarship
Awesome.  And? Haha
i dunno how to actual use the money lol
Call the admissions cordinator at kvctc or email them. Look on the site for their name. They can answer youe questions specifically
will the person giving the scholarship usually just hand over the money to the college directly?
Yes it takes some time to process
hm okay thatll make it less confusing
i dont think i get the full amount for my schooling but i got about 2/3 of it and my dad has a college fund for me i think for the rest
Yeah talking to a college official will do you better. Everywhere is different so I can't tell you anything but that 
Ha
im just nervous about it all, its very confusing lol
im seeing a psych finally tuesday!
Where? I just started seeing a therapist lol 
at process strategies
chris made the appointment, he was able to find someone in a decent amout of time
Place is great. Highland is a subsidiarity/joint company with highland or something
awesome man, chris showed me the wikipedia page for hypochondria....i am literally a hypochondriac
like, to the most severe degree
I know you are.
The fact that you diagnosed yourself by reading about it illustrates that.
yea i guess so =/
Tip: if you're prescribed meds don't look them up. Jist know what they are called and what they are for. It helped me to not look shit up. Docs know what they're doing. Haha
I don't read about stuff anynore because I'm the same way to an extent
yea i need to stop looking up aything haha, last night i was convinced i have diabetes because my feet looked a little dark
I digress 
Lol
I've definitely gotten worse since i moved out and my mom is always accusing me of never having time for her.  it makes me feel guilty and theni get sick
Tell your dude at process strategies all o' this. Don't leave anything out. 
i know ive been compiling a mental list of things to lay out lol
Tip #2: they will tell you to stop smoking. Listen. I didnt. Not solely because it's bad for you, but primarily because it interacts with pharmaceuticals and can stop your medication from working properly. Brain chemistry mumbo jumbo. 
ive actually started vaping again
and i use lower nicotene
I mean narcotics lol
Not cigs. Youre weening of cigs anyway
Off*
they taste so bad and cost so much.  right now im vaping monster/seet tarts/ cotton candy/ menthol haha
But yeah the less you drink/smoke yada yada yada especially in tbe beginning the better. You can clearly and quickly see if your treatment works. If they find one that does faster it'll be easier and you can just keep at it
Then you're stable you know
Then you can have a beer if you want. 
Good thing I'm terrible at drinking anyways haha
But they're very meticulous about brain chemicals. Treatment takes a while.  I jujust had to totally start over. I found out that my biggest issue is bipolar disorder. Shocker right  
I guess I could see a small bit of bipolar disorder in your but it seems more like manic depression, but theyre very similar
Different words for the same thing. Its like S.A.D. bipolar, and rapid cycling, or long waves.  Manic depression describes the disorder. Your manic, then depressed, repeat 
Haha
Like birthday cake vs wedding cake
yea i always figured they were kind of the same thing...cryptic like these crested gecko morphs im discussing lol
Both cake rigbt?
Dude
delicious cake
Matts so into frogs now lol
nice! lolol
what kinds does he have, or just into them?
Tree frogs but he wants the pacman ones
they have some nice started ones at inland reef
He's actually quite organized with his reptiles now. He's so meticulously clean it's annoying
I'll tell him that
lol!
i got 7 new lizards in the last 2 days
decided to start breeding leos
got some little tanzanian legless skinks...theyre like blue snakes with eyelids
Matt wants more lizards
I like the geckos. I just hate his turtle. Lol
nice little set up!
He always talks about skinks 
very organized
And ANYTHING POISONOUS
Yeah I agree.  He's been doing well with it
its awesome that hes so into them now =]
we've got a little crested for sale, trying to sell it to buy mom something for her birthday
so of course im selling it for super cheap lol
Can they live with one another? Or are they solitary creatures
they're communal, females can live together usually, and the can live with one male
i guess we're gonna start breeding feeder mice =/
Is that bad?
we need some to fatten up our breeder leos and for our fat tail and hitler.  i just dont like feeding vertabrates
Yeah understandable 
my blood python is so weird
i have to buy a live mouse, then kill it, then she'll eat it
I hate feeding anything the large crickets 
I'm fine with the small ones
but the large ones seem so aware
lol
I know they aren't
i hate crickets lol
but
They're just too...move-y
i hate em just for every reason haha.  we never buy crickets.  we breed dubia roaches and i get about a thousand super worms from my buddy in ohio
meal worms for leos and skinks
because fuck crickets
I'll never forget when I was little...
and we had a bearded dragon, a baby, and the cricket burst from it's body
HAHAHA
so gross!
loool
but sad
what a tragic end
we had some crickets eat our bearded dragon when we were little
his name was ZILLA wonder why
OMG
wtf
lol
haaa
so that little dragon i have that was dying for no reason
started eating again
her name is Little Foot :D
AWH
L.B.T
yes
yes indeed
i had to syringe feed her for 5-6 weeks
and she finally got better
matts tree frogs have been doing that thign where they get swollen
hm...is he using non-chlorinated water?
No. We have a filter on our sink. I'll tell him that
yea just buy a little thing of water treatment, they onyl need a little bit in their water
chlorine poisons them
What should he be feeding them
I'll ask before I tel lyou what he is using
okay lol, i believe just crickets
dusted crickets, maybe some worms
Ok good lol
yea lol frogs will eat almostanything
is he keeping them pretty cool?  they normally dont need heat
and high humidity?
yes
his room has a humidifier and an a/c unit he keeps it very cool, but uses heat lamps on the gecko and turtle 
okay the frogs need heavily misted dailt
daily
hm
ok
and dont leave crickets in with them, they can eat their eyes
same with cresteds.  no eyelids.
OH shit
maybe that's why they have so much trouble finding the crickets
interesting 
could be lol, get some tongs and dangle their food in front of them
if they dont eat it, try again later
dont leave stuff like that in with them
and they can get impacted easily, so dont feed them on their substrate
and the substrate needs changed when its slightly dirty because frogs get bacterial infections easily
just screen shotted that
matt trusts the internet too easily
he's not stupid, but he's naive. He thinks everyone is smart, and nice.
haha what a precious little soul
just have him read several care sheets and take the info that is on all of them and use that
so obamas bodyguard is a reptilian bro
lolol what
look it up
obamas alien bodyguard
someone tried to get aheat sig on him, no body heat
looking up now
yesh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bpfAORTJ8U ok lol
hold on, watching the canadian guy admitting to UFOs int ehri senate or whatever
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEQdvYFMBAU
oh boy
its real dude
i heard something really weird the other night, chris had to get up and go look for the source...never found it
This is a surreal video
wth
yea dude
its scary
He started to sound insane
because I've heard all of that from insane people on the internet
but that guy is a government official
yea...i dont even know what to believe any more
went to the doctor
oh yah?
yep...they drug tested me...im guessing i tested positive for weed even though i quit smoking a couple fo weeks ago
the doctor was kind of a douchebag
he gave me effexor and some blood pressure medicine -.-
Dude
just chill for a scond
I'm on blood pressure meds
its making my throat feel funny
They know what they're doing. Just chill out. After they're certai nyou don't do any kind of drugs anymore they will fool around with your prescriptions. Blood pressure meds are GOOD
You're overthinking it
It's probably the initial reaction
I get weird ones
then you get used to it
I promise the docs there are good
huh....effexor is for OCD tendencies he said
if they see fit they will prescribe more or change the dose
You have those. I can be objective. You have those. lol
Just don't look anything up.
hahaha
i looked up the pills but i didnt see anything bad
They wouldn't prescribe anything that kills you
effexor can raise blood pressure but i have pills for that haha
It's all about starting off on something
then working your way around
yea the guy was dr grose
he made fun of the way i talk, apparently i have an ohio accent
HAHA
I do too
I get teased for it all the time
by people in morgantown
haha
but dude just don't stress
It's all about finding the right combo of meds to stabilize your brain chemistry
It's a long process
but it's worth it
I've been trialing a med for weeks now
and I finally feel better
You'll switch on and off diffferent ones
thanks, i need some reassurance to keep taking these haha
just make sure you are specific to your doc.
and TRUST him
i try to be as much as pssible
Sometimes they don't make sense
and you feel like you know what you need
but
from personal experience 
You never do
Meds are often used for their off label purposes
Just be happy that you're finally getting help
I am for you.
and do exactly as the doc says.
Things will get easier along the way
thanks man, i am happy i was finally able to get in somewhere after months of trying
im worried that ill become unable to have sex though
like the celexa did to me
don't worry about that and it won't happen
most drugs reduce libido 
Dude, you are quite compulsive.
haha
But did you tell him that you recently quit smoking?
(poooooot)
yep
Everyone over there is hella good.
but doctors dont believe that haha
Then you can begin to develop trust with him.
No they can't if yo utest positive
yea i know
but if yo ueventually test negative...
thats why i didnt question it
He can start to trust you more.
You know all of this
haha
yep
i was so pissed because if it werent for danny collins i would be clean
It's just how psychiatric medicine works
when someone rolls a blunt its a social activity
dammit danny
i dont like him anyways
i try to keep him out of my house at all costs
Or at least have him respect your policy 
I see it like this
I don't care who does it
but I don't wanna feel like I have to
It's social pressure
chris still does, but i dont feel pressure at all when he does
It ALWAYS feels pressured
but when someone else brings it over i do
Well danny is danny
lol
dude
hes fucking insane
he made us watch animal sex on youtube
for hours
...
SHOCKER
when we asked him to turn the volume down
he literally ignored us
like speaking his name, he wouldnt act like he heard either of us
chris was a foot from him]
and he would NOT leave
Hey so I have to go now-sorry to cut you off
haha
but we'll talk later dude
its fine =P
you should come over sometime if you get the chance
can't take this medicine, i feel icy, my limbs feel icy, my throat is tight, its scary
Call your doctor. Iyou've osychef yourselfnout
i cant even see him again until im off work.  ill call tomorrow. i dont have his number or anything
Do it. Youre bugging out a little
i dont think talking to him will help me, hes kind of an asshole and probably thinks im ajunkie or something
does your skin ever get cold and kind of tingly when you take the blood pressurem eds?
meds
No. You've psyched yourself out. Why does the dr. Have to be an asshole and the medicine have to be wrong? I think this cold stuff is psychosomatic 
my skin really is cold though
i can feel it
Then call the offices and make a deal.of it. If you think it's really serious that's what you need to do
apparently other people experience this with clonadine and it just gets worse for a lot of them
maybe ill try the meds without the blood pressure meds
i dont know
I take that pill dude.
Call process strategies if you are concerned 
im at work, i cant
Call after work. I know you think it's nothing if you don't wanna call
im seeing when they close
If anything call the pharmacy where you got the prescription
im gonna go out and call
Good. You need to if it's bad
pharmacy and doctor are closed
You have to call someone. I don't know what's going on with you. So idk. Ah. At worst call a hospital/emergency number. But I just think its an initkal reaction to the pill. 
ill wait it out
I've had them and the they pass
hopefully the effects subside soon
Call in the morning when you can though
good plan.  have you had effects like this? be honest
Not from clonadine. 
Or anything. 
Just small stuff
hm i dunno then =/
chest pains now
i know if i had a xanax i would be fine
and i dont want to go to the ER again, last time they treated me like an idiot
No offense: That's just the addict in you talking. 
Do you want help? Or a certain kind of drug?  Be honest
Omg
My mom said he was sketchy
i need help
he was kind of mean to me
i onyl know what makes me feel less scared
i dont know what else works
but this does not
its giving me chest pain
Request another physician. Dont say why. 
can i do that?
Yes. Say you aren't comfortable with him.
okay
why does she thinks hes sketchy?
I believe you that he's mean. That's good enough
Reason
he made fun of my accent, and then when i tried to describe the process of my racing thoughts, he was like "if its racing thoughts, just say that"
total asshole
when i was trying to explain how i feel bad for my mom and when she calls me it can ruin my day, he said "block her number"
He's not a real psychiatrist. I looked him up on health grades
...what?
its bernard grose i think
wow hes a PA
im pissed
what the fuck
Yeah tell them that he wasn't respectful and yoh want someone else
im remembering more and more completely uncalled for things that he said now
he made an off hand remark about my weight, twice
im going to have to go to the ER again.  my left arm feels weird
hey dude
What's up?
heya brutthuh
just finished taking care of geckos
Oh neat.
Hows that going lately?
not bad, got a good wholesale connection so i can order like infinite geckos now.  even though im not sure what theyll look like quite yet. ill know next week.
Ah that's good
I think Matt got a new gecko? last week
He didn't tell me exactly what it was
he has problems spitting things out
haha
lol im glad he likes leeezards so much
im doing low carb
its bitch
Really?
The good bitch or the bad bitch, the one that all the niggas want
Scratch that
haahaha
its a neutral bitch
i made a no carb thing just now
cream mixed with fudge sugar free pudding
you fridge it for like half and hour and then eat it
nommmm
Sounds decently good actually
All you have to do is subtract the unappealing adjectives like sugar free when describing it
and it sounds good
it actually is yummy
its hard getting to chris to eat well
hes a scummy eater haha
haha
I try not to be
but bad food is 
Cheap cheap cheap
i know dude...i have like 3o ramens on top of my fridge -.-\
like less than a buck a pack
gooood deeealll 
chips ramen lets go boys
28 cents a bowl man
and super delicious
so its bad for you
lol
I used to just put hot sauce instead of the flavor packet
or butter
haha
the scent started making me sick
i dont like the packs, just the owls
the pack noodles get too slimy
yeah I know
how NY going?
Pretty swell. My roommate has been doing salvia every night, so there's that. Hahaha.
thats awesome! haha
falling into walls and shit?
I dunno he keeps coming back and acting weird. like picking up stuff as if he's about to leave then not leaving. Like sitting in a chair and getting on his laptop with a cello on his shoulder
It's kind funny haha
I remember it lasting 20 minutes
tops
thats hilarious. its such an innocent trip. wish i had some.  it lasts like 5 minutes and isnt even scary.
Unless you could the strong stuff
25x isn't much
That's all ive done
dude haha 10x is the most ill fuck with
I don't think I could do it again though
haha
You texted me as you did it
I remember
It was sophomore year
lolol
that was the first time, i didnt really trip
i smoked some with chris once and actually tripped
I tripped
It was kinda silly-scary
like
the live action cat in the hat
hahaha!
Have you seen that?
Jesus
I watched it before bed a couple weeks ago
yea dude that movie is the shit
bad choice
Haha
I had nightmares
It's funny that alec baldwin is in it, playing himself
basically
hahaha
there are so many innuendoes 
it's ridiculously funny to watch as an adult
that gay guy from will & grace as the fish haha
HAHAHA
I didn't know that
HAHAH
looool
yea dude that movie is top tier
For real
i wanna ask if chris has seen it
if not, hes gonna watch it haha
MAKE HIM
chris is a dick haha
"it was awful. its mike myers"
i told him hes a dick
Mike myers is wonderful
except the love guru
god that's shit
I have it
I've seen it so many times
I hate it so much
lyea its so bad...justin timberlakes lowest career point
HAHA
I forgot
so im thinking abot ordering more of those foreign benzos and giving them to chris to distribute to me as needed. i keep thinking im having a heart attack. like 5-6 times a day. or a stroke.
im absolutely miserable
Did you go to the doctor
don't do that
im going again on the 8th
but yes i went
You're withdrawing from the benzos
and the meds they gave me gave me a panic attack
i havent had benzos in like 3 months
Keep it that way
well
god
This is rough
because i hate your damn doctor
I may be able to get you in with John Hutton
My mom and I talked about
it
thats why im going to give them to chris so i cant abuse them. i know they help me not feel like im dying, but if i take too much i turn into a stupid snarky bitch, and thats really bad for my business
I can't condone self medication like that but I can't really stop you if you want to do that.
i know its not a real fix
but
stop
im tired of going to the ER and looking like an idiot
What happened when you went
they told me i was fine and discharged me
Internal medicine will do that
they want you to be bleeding out
yea im sure
i dont know michael
its like no one can help me, i feel completely alone and i think im going to die every day
ive never felt fear like this
i know my mom is doing it
it got so much worse when i moved out and she resents me for it
 A real psychiatrist could help you with that
god
i keep reading online that they wont
and everyone keeps telling me because im young they will never give me benzos
theyll keep giving me anti-depressants and blood pressure meds
false
My girlfriend needs them so badly.
BUT
she won't quit smoking so they'll always treat her like shit
You did
and if you can just lay off 
a GOOD doctor can help you
and give you respect
online reading is dangerous
btw
dude...ive been going to psychs for 15 years...its so incredibly stressful for me to explain myself to 5-6-7 doctors repeatedly.  the last one ridiculed me.  none of them think im telling the truth.
Answer: your mom problems has told them something. Like that you're a liar, ect ect. This new guy, isn't a good care provider and that's a known fact
explanation for everything
when you're young parents can talk
that can be an issue
shes my main problem, if i dont include her in the issue then im lying to them
plus
im sure it says on my medical files that im an addict, my mom has told all my doctors
The right doctor will form a game plan based off of that
but you know
there aren't a lot of good ones
I'm texting my mom really quick
okay
i mean
not in a "mean" way but I'm really tired of this conversation. This needs resolved, and it can be
if i order these, i can use them until i can manage to find a good doctor. i dont smoke anymore and benzos are out of your system in a couple of days
Don't order them
now
at least
let's see what my mom says
okay
What insurance do you have?
blue cross and healthsmart
i cant afford copays so i have to be able to use both =/
they wanted me to pay 40 dollars at process strategies until i told them i have united behavioral health on my blue cross
john acccepts those I think
not many people accept health smart
Definitely Blue Cross, but I have to check into the other one
I'll figure something out
okay well let me know what you find out.  i think ill place a small order now but i hate ordering them, theyre expensive and a waste of money if i can get actual help
id like to be able to get a doctor to help me
Then don't waste the money
save it for real care
If they're expensive anyway
its not a waste, im miserable
I'll have an answer by tomorrow
I understand that
but do you really wanna be the person who orders canadian benzos?
You can do this
Don't resort to that again
i can sell them all and make like 3 times the money when i get help
and not need to order again
I'm just gonna leave you to your business 
Do what you feel like doing
i keep thinking im having a stroke...i imagine that my face is going numb, and i have to repeatedly bite my lips to make sure its not
its so scary
I really think your a severe hypochondriac. Like wanting to self medicate and everything. That doesn't mean you aren't feeling it though
You definitely are
but it could be psychosomatic 
i know all this, i keep telling them this...
they dont even pay attention
they just treat me for depression every time
and OCD recently
which makes sense
Just be patient
I dunno
I can't say much more
i know im sorry =/
You're fine
I just don't know how to personally help
other than get you real help
thats all that can help
i appreciate you trying to get me into good care
I can
but I have to be able to trust you to keep cool for like a day
you have to trust that when i get these im only going to use them when needed and when i get help ill get rid of them.  its gotten to the point where im crying at work everyday.  its going to cost me my job.
Okay
do what you have to do
However
thats general
I'm ont endorsing anything specific
i know that
i just want to be normal
i would love to not need any medication
that would be fantastic
me too
You think I feel good about myself scarfing down cereal bowls full of meds in front of people
It's humiliating and makes me feel weak
haha
i have the effexor sitting on my desk and i want to try it again...but i remember in the hospital telling myself to never try it again because of how terrible i felt
 My moms number is 3049326105. Text her your insurance name date of birth and full name. It'd probably be best if you could rather than me
okay
Cool beans 
done and done
Just had one of the worst attacks ever. Still can't feel my face. Which was the entire trigger for the attack because I constantly think I'm having a stroke. 
Just happened again. Calling moms doctor to make an appointment
hey
heyo
sup
To bro, just at work on lunch 
to bro? hahah
I meant yo :P 
I KNOW
and that's cool.
Haha 
Car broke today 
Axel broke lol 
well shit
Just outta nowhere?
Yep at the gas station on break. Someone came and brought me back to work. 
Had to.pay to have it towed 
God
that sucks dude
Im sorry
oh
just saw the fb post
Haha life as an adult 
I'm scared of it
I'm an adult but I'm still in kid land kind of
haha
It's sucks but most of the time its fun being free 
I'm free right not in the sense that I'm poor and unsupervised. but that's not gonna last much longer lol
haha yea im sending in stuff for college
tranferring state credits, getting another ged, etc
State credits are SUCH as hassle 
like dayum
really? i faxed them my info and stuff
for me it was
they hate me
pavlov damn it
those two classes
hahaha
dfucking pavlov
=haha
I'm imagining it and dying
he was the best teacher
you hallucinated from ativan?
lol
yea dude lol
still happening a little
That's SO RARE
like
almost never
its not like figures appearing or anything
but shit moving
some color changes
Who prescribed it? What's been goin' on?
and did you tell them haha
dr braun
also
and no i havent told them
does it help?
yea
thats why i havent told them
haha
ok solution 
ill tell him when i go in next time
in a month
Ask about extended release tablets so it's gradual throughout the day and you still get the full dose
and in a month you could lose the ability to stop hallucinating and have a psychotic break, lol. I think you can wait a couple days or something 
ive read that with most people it just goes away after like a week
well if so then awesome
ill wait a week
if its still happening
ill call
Enjoy it if it's not unbearable 
yeah
sounds like a plan 
haha
word homie. AND with those benzos i ordered, ive already got people lined up to buy them and ill make triple profit haha
So funny story
?
I felt like I was going crazy today
Like I was either seeing shit
or being attacked b
or being poisoned by things in my mind
the catch:
It was in the subway like 3 times. I googled it and they were testing non-lethal gasses in the subways all day, but you could still "feel" and see some of them
I felt like a hypochondriac 
i heard about that!!!!
but like
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES OF THIS
IM NOT CRAZY
THE WORLD ACTUALLY DID THIS
lol
and yeah!
yea we could be some fun experiment to see if we'll derail
THE TRAIN IS A METAPHOR
its aliens
HAHAH
Sometimes I think shit
like that
 and i'm like
Im so insane
but today
hahaha
ohhh today
yea thats so weird dude
they can insuce pschosis
wtf
what can?
wait
lol
I was saying that if you hallucinate for long periods of time your brain can lose the ability to differentiate  your imagination from reality
i know dat
BELIEVE ME I DO TOO
L0L
cant believe my reaction is this weird though haha
I know
how queer
i thought my house was haunted haha
my hats were moving
LOLOL
im sorry
but hahah
yea dude i took my shit and left my house and went to get chris and ran into my office freaked THE FUCK out
and then we googled it haha
HAHAHA
chris is like STOP STARING AT THAT HAT, IT ISNT MOVING
omg
lololol
yea its funny now that i know im crazy and my house is haunted =P
isnt
as far as i know lol
It's funny but kind of ehh
its because it's hats
lol
yea it was the hats man, THE HATS
so
confirmed
ashley and shayn have herpes type 2
haaaaaa
That's disgusting omg lol 
corey told me she told him about it
and i asked her about it
and she denied it
and then i was like, bitch, i know youre lying
and know THEYRE STUCK TOGETHER FOREVER OR AT LEAST UNTIL THEY OD
OD 
yes
they will OD
probably in a couple of months
thank god
the earth is cleansing itself
when i told shayn i knew
he told me to die in a fire
and i was like
HAAAAA YOU HAVE HERPES YOU HEROIN JUNKIE YOU
isnt it like pussy swollen warts?
because i have no clue and im not going to google it haha
I wouldn't hahaha
hi
Hi friend. Are you here?
Am I where??
Wv
I am
Need a friend today.
What's wrong?
Chris 
Did something happen with him?
No I just have no friends 
I understand
: /
Are you in wv?
Yes I am.
Can we hang out? I need a friend 
I'll see what I can do
If not today
then tomorrow i PROMISE
that's my word.
Okay that sounds good to me 
I have an appointment at 4:30 at process strategies
after that we can chill until i get chris
i just have episodes of anger and helplessness
and im tired of acting like his mom
but after i talked to him today
i think things wil improve
Okay that sounds good 
I have like 45 lizards now
So if I provide some gas money can you get me from bellas after your appt?
Yes yes 
There now ill let you know when I leave 
Mk
Leaving 
I'm outside 
Hellerrrr
so
ive been trying to be more active and less fat
and i got that josh dude to agree to go on a walk with me
but as soon as i mentioned that chris may or may not approve
he freaked out and now i think ive alienated myself completely from a potential new friend which i never can find
I dunno 
he "doesnt need the drama at work" even though i just talked to chris and he said he doesnt care
I honestly don't know what I think haha
going on a walk downtown jesus
i mean
if he had any interest in me at all
he wouldnt freak out wheni mention my boyfriend may not approve
so i dont see what the problem is
and im just upset that i may have lost a friend in one sentence
Does not sound like its a big deal honestly
either way, i want to walk from the east end to the mall on monday, even if he wont go with me
would you be able to fill in if he wont talk to me?
Yes. I live on the far edge of the east end. Its a fun walk.
i know where you live =P i think josh lives very near you
either way
i just hope i didnt ruin a potential new friendship
i was so close =[
I know I was just saying that it's a far walk haha
2 miles there, 2 miles back
And I don't think so he's just a little odd
i need the walk
i really do
im really depressed about what happened with my mom and my manager
did you read my last status about that?
I will now so you don't have to explain
i feel so alienated
That's too far
Woah
yea
she blocked me
told me to never contact her again
now this thing with josh
makes me feel like chris is alienatign me
alienating
so that supervisor friend i have
that im going to lunch with
i sent hi a photo of my new hair because we share hair interests, just to show him the color, my face wasnt even in it
and he automatically looked up the metadata on the photo
and was like "oh you have an htc one v'
O.o
What the hell
Hahaha
i know
like
he FINALLY met me yesterday, hes always in his cubicle so i see him like ocne every 2 months
and he came in on his day off to do something and talked to me for like half an hour
he is very very odd
but in a good way?
i dont know
i cant read him
like, ive almost got him pegged
but theres missing pieces
and he has aan accent that ive never heard
Like how?
i cant even explain it
almost like
let me think....
like a big city accent but
nothing ive heard
like something he made up? closest i can compare it to is california
its off enough that i couldnt understand some of the things he said to me
so
this new friend
has the same birthday as you lol
Woah what 
Lol
went to lunch, walked to the mall and back to little india with him
thinks literally everything is bullshit
especially astrology
but it makes so much sense now haha
I kinda think it is haha.....oops
But WHAT IS MY HOROSCOPE
haha
now help me with this
cant figure out if he wants more than platonic or not, i know that i dont
but
he bought my lunch
bought me starbucks
and offered to buy me stuff at the peanut shoppe
didnt hit on me even once
sat in front of his house in 80 degree heat in my car, he talked about aliens for about 35 minutes, never invited me in
as a dude
that sound platonic?
keep in mind, this is the first time we hung out
Sounds like he thinks he can like slowly become friends with you  then go from there type deal
Or he's crazy
Or both
well hes made it ABUNDANTLY clear that if gossip or anything starts around the workplace, we're done being friends
hes a supe
im a rep
Scandal 
hahaha
but
he did MAYBE hit on me a couple of times via chat
but he knows
that if it effects his job hes said himself hes done
and ive told him the same
Sounds like a pair of scandals made to wear to conflict of interest beach. 
It will slowly
But surely effect his job, then his mind,  and finally his body 
Affect is good to 
Honestly it sounds like no biggie
Maybe he's been in that kinda situation before 
he has
Just being careful
That's what I thought 
hes so smart...that...im having to listen to podcasts so when we see each other again i can actually converse with him
he knows everything about everything
That's interesting. Does he know a little about everything (Wikipedia junkie) or a lot about some things (book worm)
book worm
no
like
he doesnt believe what he sees on the internet
so he reads EVERYTHING
and scientific studies
he hates religion
but studies it
takes yale classes online for free
just to learn more
and these podcasts
you have to check these out
http://www.radiolab.org/
theyre genius
and the only way that this next walk
ill be able to contribute to the conversation haha
so did i tell you chris and i are trying for a baby?
wait what
obviously you did not haha
haha
well we are
are you sure that's the best thing right now? I'm not saying never
decided to choose work over school since i had a terrible experience at the orientation 
and
hm
i can go to marshall for free whenever
well what happened?
they just acted like i did not matter\
couldnt get anyone to help me
Want me to be honest
the whole time my boss is telling me he cant work with my school shedule
yea
it's because you're better than community college and you know it. They treat everyone like that. If you wanna go, you know you need to go somewhere real and not try to do everything at once.
but a baby
woah
that's big
god
I feel like it might be impulsive
but I can't read your mind
If you wanna focus on work
wait until everything is MUCH more solid
babies are more expensive than double the reptiles you have
Believe me, I think you can do it
I just don't know if now is right for you
from MY perspective 
well
ive been calling us a family for like a year
but we're not
and i want to be a family
i have this crazy urge to nurture
also
TM is offering 8 weeks paid maternity leave as well as 500 dollars to pregnant women
I want to talk about this with you in person sometime. I support you
however
It just seems random
haha
i get off at 7:30 tonight
hm
alrighty
plus we have family to babysit
yeah that's true
I have  a question
go for it
be direct haha
does ticketmaster do transfers? I was thinking about this. Your life has been exponentially difficult here, with one thing after another after another. Would it be viable to move to another town and have a fresh start before you start having a family? like REALLY start your life. Without patronizing friends and family, steady access to drugs (in the situation that that's even a problem anymore) and difficult coworkers 
DIRECT
well
not really in the position im in
but
drugs
are nol onger an issue
longer
i want this child
to be perfect
i would give up anything
and i want to be stable when it happens
I get you I get you
You do know a lot of this is like the whole biological clock I need to nurture thing right? It doesn't invalidate anything you wanna do though
I am just taken back a little I suppose hahah
yea i know for sure
but
in talking to that male succubus that WAS my friend
he made a great point
he's 35
wants kids, but missed every chance because he was always waiting for the right time
now hes miserable and alone
now that story in itself
is one for face to face
haha
oh god
that sounds grim lol
yea
it was yesterday
almost lost chris
that dude
is a sociopath
a very handsome, charming sociopath
so, a sociopath
wanna talk after work or no?
It'll need to be tomorrow or the next day depending om your availability. Going to bellas. Weird situation I have to attend to, so to speak. 
haha okay
im off sunday
and ill be walking downtown
without josh this time
lol
haha I'd like to think 
but that sounds good really
maybe you me and chris can go for a stroll
he knows everything
so its fine to talk about with him
oh ok thats good hah
some hardcore shit went down
like, we are not currently dating i dont think
but we obviously are
but josh is a sociopath
lead me on
chris freaked out and dumped me
i went to josh
and hes like, sorry, not interested
hahaha
fucked myself
im an idiot
he wears a god damned bow tie to work
thats shifty
look him up on FB, josh beane, profile photo is him in ray bans with a fucking bow tie
you can just tell
Hey
chris found our old videos hahahah
he thought we were like little babies
you wanna come over?
Oh my gosh haha. yeah I know!
and if I can it has to be for a little bit, because as selfish as this sound, I must see breaking bad
we're going to watch it dude haha
we just wait until it's over and then stream it online
doing a drinking game too, if i can afford to
Wait how can you stream it so quickly?
That can't be psosible
it is
people from everyone contribute to it
breaking bad fans record it
upload it as soon as its over
it would be fun if youd watch it with us =]
do you know what time it comes on?
hold on
9
I have to figure something out
I told bella I'd watch it with her. However, I've spent the past three days with her and will probably spend most of next week. I won't have the chance to see you as often
thats true
so
you could watch it with us at like 10
I can work something out to where I'll be able to. I just need to figure out what my mom's doing this evening and Bella ect ect
alrighty =]
would you be drinking or no? im gonna go to the coin star and get some red bulls for jager bombs but id need more cash if you wanna drink too
Maybe
I got completely wasted last night, so I'm recovering.
haha
Tell me if this is a bad deal. Just a theory. What if I just watched it twice? like watched it at bellas, then watched it with you? would it be less authentic? haha. I'm just trying to keep my life simple. Maybe that's selfish
"Yes it is"
"Work it out, pussy"
hahaha, i got wasted last night too
well
if you dont wanna watch it with us
thats fine
i understand
Of course I do
I just am afraid of comflict when things are going well
*conflict
haha
oh i see haha
well
if ya wanna
we'll be here pretty much all day
I still ahve a little bit to work a plan out
I'll "Keep you posted" as the teens say
we can watch it whenever you get here though lol
okee dokee artichokaa
i ruined that.
hahaha
we can hangout tomorrow. Bella has plans tomorrow so I can come over after you get off of work and we can just re-watch the episode. (I can probably drive, so no problem with that.)
I just can't deal with conflict
I'm afraid to tell her I wanna change plans. I know, personal problem
yea man those feels, no problem
i got like no sleep last night so im probably gonna sleep for a long time today
do you want me to get you when i pick up chris at 7?
Yes'm 
do you have gas money to spare? i think i have 14 cents to my name haha
15 whole dollars
5 would be great haha
then we can have feels talks, ill pick you up before him
hey
gonna leave in a minute
if thats cool
I'll be home in five or ten. So yeah
okee dokee
watch fo me OO
OK
I'm here 
dude
i have bo9rderline personality disorder
thats what it is
Yeah, I know.
I've talked about this with my mom before, because half of her patients have it. It's complicated. I mean I really think that you have it. I can't say for sure.
If you do it's moderately under control 
i just had chris cross examine me with the wikipedia
and its all me
You've had it since we were like 16
that's when it bubbles
self destructive behavior, mood swings
I really started thinking about it when I did my psych paper on it back in high school
but I'm not a fucking doctor so why would I say that  to you
ya know
yea i understand
that's a serious thing
its like the worst mental illness short of what yourbrother experiences
My mom and John think it's the worst
I do
There is only medical treatment for the symptoms 
Which are often anxiety, manic depression, ect
It's kind of a state of mind
i see...you cant really treat the cause when the damage is already done
The treatments available are therapy, med management, and psychotherapy 
They are really effective if you come to terms with it
I'll always love you like a sister, but you have to know that your behavior sometimes upsets me. Over the years I've watched you do things that I wish I could stop. You're in a place in your life that's good enough to come to terms with this though
i know and im just realizing this
but since i know i have it now
do you think itll help me control it?
I'll help you. 
Absolutely 
It's like how if matt didn't separate hallucination from reality he couldn't control his issues
exactly
i always knew my mom ha this
has
just never thought i did too
You've always craved attention without even knowing it, and that's part of a borderline personality and makes you think you're a hypochondriac. 
It's so so so hereditary 
My grandma we suspect
and my sister
It's becoming SO prevalent 
I think you probably need a legit psych eval.
ive had one
i was 16 probably
they just got anxiety
Because you know how to answer psych. questions. You know what they're looking for and subconsciously you don't wanna deal with it.  I did the same thing when I had one
but
haha
but chris
chris saved me
I know
at this age
my mom was having sex for drugs
That's what people with personality disorders do
Chris is a good guy
You fucked around with so many bad ones it set off your predisposition for the disorder I think
 Environmental factors are so important in mental illness 
They are half the battle
yes i know
see
im thinking that with this kid i want
chris is going to be what saves it
hes totally normal
I don't think you should have it now.
I think you should
but not now
and if with anyone, with chris
but not now
Just my objective opinion
i mean its already in the process, kind of late for that
but
i know this sounds crazy
but i think a baby will help me be less selfish
and make better choices for myself
so the baby is healthy
 I understand that
but here's the problem
Until you get a grip on your own life, you could become your mother. I'm not saying it's GONNA happen, but it very well could inadvertently 
Odds are no
but this is a huge life decision 
ive talked to chris about this
and he told me
that if he sees that start to ahppen
hes going to tell me to cut it out
and calm me down
and help me see what im doing
to prevent that
I see
Jsut know
just know
That it's SO hard to show someone in your position that kind of evidence 
especially down the road
If you wanna take the risk and you've considered all
go for it
it may be selfish but
i want to risk it
and
having a kid
will ENSURE that i cant relapse, get with anyone else, kill myself, etc because ill have to give up my selfishness
for this beautiful baby
 but that's using the child as a vice for youself
That's now a real reason to have one
not a vice
i really want a kid
just
is there anyone else you can talk to about this? who can really give their two cents?
well there WAS josh, and he said i should have a kid, but then also said i am deluded
lol
he's also a nutcase therefore his opinion is void
lol
hahaha
yes
something chris just told me
when my mom was my age
she got with a 35 year old
DODGED A BULLET
HAHA
wow
yeah
wow chris should have maybe told me that before haha
josh was...wow...wow im so glad he said no
so so so glad
u n me both tho
chris is slowly savign me
from becoming my mom
slowly but surely
BPD is more commonly diagnosed in woman than in men. In fact, about 75% of those diagnosed with BPD are women.
so if we get a boy, we're in the clear
Sorry I haven't answered 

I am having a rough time. I can't get approved for a loan for school.
thats why i quit, too frustrated
but youve got this
How do I even have credit already
I Don't even get it lol
you probably dont have it
thats the problem
im sloooowly building it by paying my own bills
That's what I was thinking
but 
I ran a credit history on myself. I have outstandind bills from when I was a MINOR that are affecting me. Keep in mind, these are medical bills
i have those
lots
for some reason
i refuse to pay them
because my insurance should cover them but the docs fuck it up
so fuck it
i believe they dissolve after 7 years
Spoiler: I was out of touch with reality for like 17+ years
me as well
what happened?
Nothing haha. Just responding to your comment privately so people don't feel like they are important enough to start butting in
oh yes i see
I hate that
you start talking to someone
exchange a few comments
some ass hole wants to give their two cents
and hell breaks loose
YOU ARE NOT A PART OF THIS
yes haha
and you lose friends
hahaha
and yes sadle
lol
sadly
watch the video i just posted
ok
i have 2 of those geckos but mine are babies haha
He is giant
steve cemelli
the 2nd guy
is my fucking nigga
bought both my babies from him
hes so awesome
wat abt bertha
I named her :D 
hey
waddap
Just sittin in my room. Doin nothin
What about you
at work. doin nothin.
dealing with some leopard gecko grifter who is a piece of shit and ripped us off
he doesnt know who hes fucking with
i can end him
Damn grifters 
i have a gecko named grifter haha
HAHA
his former owner named him that so i kept it
oh damn
I was gonna say "called it"
well 
you DID decide to keep it
so you named it
you i ohio already?
Yep. since saturday
=////
my best friend is gone away D:
I'll be back
eventually
but my school year only lasts until april!
:D
thats cool haha
im glad youre dong so well
HAHAHAHAHAHA
wish i could go to school instead of work
Before this conversation continues, allow my immaturity to flourish and read the last thing you typed to yourself
HAHAHA
i didnt even see that
looool
ANYWAYS
if my mom wasnt crazy i could live at home and go to school
havent talked to her in about a month i think
God 
what is her deal
that would be so awesome for you. A full time job and school is nearly impossible 
one has to be part time
ya know
haha
yea and i couldnt get part time either
I was gonna comment on administration  in a crude way but I forgot that you're at work
haaha
yea well i mean
im pretty much the dirt in my department
why?
im the newest ful time worker, except for the new girl, who josh tells me is doing "4 times the amount of work of everyone else in your department"
they dont like that i maintain my reptile page on FB
OH so it's like hazing 
theyve never said anyting to me about iy
wait
nvm
but
why do they hate that
since josh is s supe
he tells me everything my boss says
because i could be doing something work related i guess, but not really, because theres not much work to do
I mean what are your official duties
well since the new social girl is now working losses because shes so "advanced"
i manage everything today because im working by myself essentially
i deal with FB and twitter bullshit
for LN and TM
OH I see
so you're like
When I tweet something negative about suddenlink and the twitter somehow replies to me and asks how they can improve my service
you're that person?
yes
thats me
haha
HAHA. I half way envy that. I would suck at it though...due to my fondness of sarcasm
I would make everything ridiculous
hahahah
dude
i literally am a social media specialist
so you're like putting virtual attacks on live nation and stubhub or whatever
Taking them down with technology
So TM reigns supreme 
i dont deal with any other companies
TM and LN are the same
Really?
yes
WHAT'S THE POINT OF THAT
haha
the merged, they werent always the same
they
Oh okay
so like a buyout type thing
my login is a live nation one actually
but don't they both self tickets?
yes
same ticket inventory
Ticketmaster was more comercial though I'm guessing? Was it like how coke bought those little soda companies like Big K just to increase earnings?
I mean I've used ticketmaster several times
never live nation though
I'm guessing live nation is more specialized for like concerts and such?
live nation does more sweepstakes and promos and stuff
OH
ok
but both companies own the same tickets\
I kind of get it
sometimes TM will redirect you to LN
wait
it's gone
no longer get it
lol
LN also sponsors events, promotes shows, owns all kinds of venues
every house of blues
OH okay
ticketmaster just sells tickets really
so It's kind of like ticketmaster's little PR baby
It owns all of the cool venues, promotes shows and events, and then people run to ticketmaster
kind of sort of
You know I'm going to look these things up on the internet later. That's just how I operate. lol
"trivia!"
I read all about panda express yesterday
why?
Because I saw one and was like....why aren't there other chains of chinese restaraunts 
restaurants 
Wikipedia.
hahaha
that introvert article
dead fucking on
I KNOW
MY LIFE
YOUR LIFE
im going in monday to see my psych. gonna ask for a brain scan.
I got prescribed an order for an EEG once
Doc thought I had thousands of partial complex seizures a day. Coincidently the treatment for biploar disorder is a regiment of anticonvulsants, and I never got the scan. So I'll never know haha
It'd be interesting
Ask
thousands of seizures huh? haha
sounds legit
is it hard to schedule one?
It's a thing! haha. but if i have it, it's being treated by the other meds I'm on lol. 
and no
It's like a month or so in advance
and you go to general 
huh not bad
i see my doc monday
Neeto
who is it again?
emily strickland
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/22/sea-creature-spain-villaricos-beach-oarfish_n_3791509.html
is that satan
i think it may be
haha
i want to know what it is
because those horns
are nuts
omg
the news casters 
is that el chubacabra 
or sasquatch 
maybe a chimera of the 2
i love the decomposing sea monster news haha
HAHA wod
or word
have you seen the one from NJ?
oh god
I suppose it's just a real fish
christ
yea dude ive seen em allz
http://www.buzzfeed.com/awesomer/love-you-steve-harvey
Sea Lampreies
jesus
ewwwwwww
I'm dying
buzzfeed is the shit hahahah
It's like documented his slow death
THese just get worse and worse
my god
i know dude
i laughed so hard
I'm laughing alone
loudly
hahahahahaha
hahaha
when youre doe with that
check this
http://www.buzzfeed.com/copyranter/10-fake-ads-that-people-think-are-real-nsfw-ish
so
im eating pretzels covered in ghost chili sauce
wait what lol
its happening
what is "ghost chili sauce?
ghost chili peppers was the hottest pepper in the world until about a month ago
*pepper
oh my god
you may die
and my good ol buddy josh with the hair
eats it like its ketchup
so he gave me some ghost chili peanuts
werent hot enough
so i bought a bag of pretzels and poured a bunch of the actual sauce in the bag
IM A CHAMPION IT HURTS SO MUCH
OH god
wht
why
I bet it does haha
its like
hotter than wasabi
but wasabi has no oil in it
so this sticks
he told me to be very careful nto to get it on my eyes
haha
so now i see how people get high off of pain
CRAZY PERSON
I love spicy stuff
but I don't know if I could risk my ability to taste
im fine now
but the burning lasted for a couple of hours
Jeez haha
hey
Whats up?
Not a lot. Just got back to my room. What's up with you?
I hate to admit it, but I'm watching Duck Dynasty with Chris

HAHA!
Don't hate to admit it
that's hilariously fantastic
Haha its somehow really good
exactly
lol
theyre in louisiana and dont even have an accent
but they eat squirrel brains
and they have a wide vocabulary 
somehow

So many plot holes
still in season 1
hey
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelly%E2%80%93Hopkinsville_encounter
hopkinsville goblins
yea dude hahaha
send me more alien things
im at work
=/
DARN
dangit bobby\
i miss you =[
i miss you too
showed josh a photo of us together
he says we look like brother and sister
=[
we kinda do haha
!
ive never noticed
but
he said that youre a good guy just from what ive mentioned of you
just made me miss when we were kids
I miss being kids
Everything between being a kid and being an adult is a mess
First you don't have to care at all, and then you have to care a lot until you don't have to care again
haha
hahaha
that pretty much sums up life.
write a novel with one page
and that quote
HAHA
put it over some stock photography of rain drops
girl posts to facebook
gets reposted
ok
hahaha
DO IT!
you know that people would believe it's a quote even if I included grammatical errors
lolol
hahahah
jesus
who would you quote it as being said by
make up a name
lolol
I'VE SEEN IT
my sister posts them
misquoted lyrics
and all of that
haha
i want to add your sister on facebook
but i feel like i shouldnt
hahaha
I dunno
if she even has one
that's dangerous territory 
you dont know if she has one?
she has to
you know this
I guess!
haha
i honestly udunno
i see one where she has 12 mutual friends with me, but no profile photo so its completely private
and one where all sheh as is the profile photo but no mutual friends so probably an abandoned account
I hacked the abandoned one
that's my doing
it needed to be done
HAHAHA
lol
seriously
what did you do with it?
she needed to be saved from herself
I just cut off access to it
I can't evenget on it
im laughing at work right now
hahahah jesus
what was so bad?
that you did it
Her
She just sucks
She didn't realize how much she was embarrassing herself 
also
I needed her to be good to my grandfather during his last christmas with the family
soo
how did that effect her being good to your grandfather?
she was bitter
wouldnt that make her act out more?
I didn't catch her game
I was desperate 
she's a HOT MESS
hahaha hot mess
remember the that 23 minute smashing pumpkins song 
that was a bunch of awesome samples complied
hey
waddap yo
Just yoloing
what re you up to
hahaha
planning my birthday trip to a ghost tour at the loony asylum
because josh has spent the past two days telling me how if i believe in ghosts i live in a fairy tale world
so he's got me in the mood to go see some more 
Because he's an atheist and everything can be explained because all atheists are basically scientists 
lol
those are fun
I've always wanted to go
Yes he seriously fought me for like 3 hours last night and called me a child for not wanting to argue about it haha 
He loooooves to argue 
OBVIOUSLY lol
i was like, hey we have different opinions, lets leave it at that
he says "NO IM NOT FINISHED"
hahaha
so i had benzo withdrawal the other day
thought i was having a stroke
woah
that's scary
yea dude
so im weening my dose down
it happened in front of josh
how much of what are you on?
1 mg klon, 3 times a day
i didnt have money to fill my script
whoa
about the 2nd day it hit me
that is so so so much
i know
.5 is a lot
haha
I couldn't do that
no wonder!
so im going to go down to 2 a day
good idea
it can incapacitate you 
like that's stronger than xanax by a long shot
xanax is stronger though?
different mechanics 
the klonopin is more fast acting
it is almost a sedative
hm, didnt know that
they dont sedate me anymore
just trying to taper my dosage and not seiz out
good idea lol
josh was like, should i call someone? haha.  i thought i had a stroke, my fore arms were sweating. i almost puked.
God that's so awful
I've hd it happen once
I had to down my dose too
what did it feel like for you?
You feel like you're about to die. Pass out. Have a cardiac episode. Puke.
basically
I felt*
yea thats how it felt
im glad you confirmed that for me
dude look up The Creeper of waverly hills
i didnt even know about it when i went there
if i had seen that, i would have pooped myself
ok
so I'm pasued
right where it comes across the screen
and before I hit play
you need to tell me what I'm in for
its not bad, just like a tiny black figure running across
the second time?
i was scared too lol
yes
lol
its definitely not the creeper
EW
but its either one of the imps or just a very small ghost
why does it move like that
don't say "the" imps
you aren't a part of this
HAH.
hahahaha
if you watch the documentary on it, Spooked, you can see a photo of the imps.  ive tried to find the photo by googling and i cannot.
that photo alone kept me awake for weeks.
theyre like little brownish people with no eyes
for weeks i was afraid id brought one back with me
I googled it
or youtubedit
yes but youll know if you come across that photo
because it will chill you to the bone
:(
Watch "Spooked"
i did after i went there
its a documentary
and very accurate
chris says that out of all the people in our tour group that i caused the most activity
Where is this plsce
kentucky
they had each of us walk down this hallway, and walk back to the group
when i walked down, i turned around and started walking back and the tour guide told me to stop
and the whole group freaked out
apparently i stopped, but my shadow did not
and little shadow blobs continued to move around my and up to about half way up my caklf
calf
and everyone it but me
everyone saw it but me
i wish i could have
ew
I wouldn't have wanted to
hhahaha
I'd feel possessed and go insane
also "move around my and up to about half way up my"
lolol
haha
I'm looking for this image
i mean the let me quote chrisd
"your shadow moved in an extremely unnatural way 6:05 PM 
you stopped, and your shadow didnt  6:05 PM 
it continued to move around your feet  6:05 PM 
There may have been moer than one as well  6:05 PM 
I cant remember 
"
"they were only on the ground and maybe a little up your leg  6:06 PM 
I dont think they even went as high as mid calf 
"
that's so scary
like
ON you
this is what I was lead to
theres strangest is
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2_rpBvyzLw
that
I blame you
i wasnt scared
is what?
i was not scared
hm
the whole time
i was so excited to be there and be given the opportunity to interact with the other realm
and everything there was friendly to me
now thats not the case with everyone
Not with me
Don't touch me
if you go in there terrified, or being a dick, they will throw shit at you and chase you
do not
HAHAHA
oh god
hahaha
look what I came across again
remember this?
i cant look im afraid haha
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obLGbp1klzo
LOOK
what is it
you've seen it
alien
what alien?
window alien
i dont want to poop my pants at work
cant do it
hahaha
the imp attacks camera dude thing, is that real? hahaha
It's two children playing
lolol
i wish you were here so you could come over after work and watch some documentaries with us
me too
because i need to get pumped for the asylum
haha
i know it wont be nearly as fun
but im more scared
because at the asylum
they will drag you down a hallway
Where is this place?
kentucky
louisville
im going to go again when they open in march
it costs 100 dollars a person and 10 people to stay the whole night.  if you can do it, they give you your money back
i read from someone who did it that after the creeper started chasing them, they did not get to stay the rest of the night lol
what do you mean
didn't get to
they had to leave
the creeper came after them
were forced
or couldn't stay
Like
they couldnt stay
how do I word this
they were scared and left
lol
ok haha
so what is this creeper
exactly
I'm surious
curious
google it, you wont find pictures.
its, what io believe to be, a demon.
human-like figure with no eyes, crawls on all fours
all over the floor, walls,and ceiling
is rarely spotted
but it is evil
jesus
Why can't it have a face
having no identity makes it scarier
like
it's nothing
i think it has a face, just no eyes lol
LET ME THINK WHAT I WANT
hahaha
does it have dimples 
probably
evil dimples
haha
what's with the second to last picture. I
http://therealwaverlyhills.com/newsite/evidence/
not scary haha
yea they dont update enough
but dude just watch Spooked
or if you must, watcj one of the ghost hunters that go there
dude just found the best waverly tape ever, watch the ghosts adventures one on waverly
shit is crazy
this show in itself is nuts
Woah
whoa
okay
I think I wwatched ghost adventures or something haha
dude got scratched by satanic spirits at bobby mackey's music world
whoa
yea
travis strom told us to watch this one in italy that'll make us poop our pants
so watching that now haha
link me
to the waverly one?
the italy one
dammit haha hold on
heres waverly
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xnm2it_ghost-adventures-waverly-hills-sanatorium_shortfilms
heres italy
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xnpyfq_ghost-adventures-poveglia-island_shortfilms
im watching it now
so did you like ghost adventures?
i like that its 3 guidos yelling at demons hahahaha
I haven't watched it yet. However, I've seen the show lolol
And i know haha
They get a lot of flack
people say it's all faked
what do you think?
I can't say one way or another
It's not the events
It's the
It's the way it's set up
They need some head cams on the real haha
now with that waverly shit, i know none of that was faked.
i think they take EVPs and try to make words out of nothing
i mean theres something saying something but theres no way you can get words out of it
so I'm watching the Poveglia island thing
yes? lol
I haven't seen this show in a while. That guy interacting with italians haha
i know dude hahaha
If he's known the guy for ten years
how old is he
I can't tell 
haha
who knows man
but he starts calling the ghosts a bastard in italian hahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
he wanted to go to italy to be the ultimate guido ghost hunter
bastardo! bastardo
omg
hahahaha
he is living the dream
I feel like he is so buff in order to make himself comfortable with ghosts fondling him. Like if he's strong it's not so scary
lol
have you seen how tan he's gotten? like orange skin tan.
google him in a bit lol
HAHAHA
the only thing that really bothers me about that show is how they take EVPs and make them say whatever they want
I mean every ghost hunting show does that
like some of them its pretty obvious what theyre saying
but some of them its like, they could literally be saying anything
yea but they make them say things that they WANT to hear
like the whisper ones
also
"NOWS A GOOD TIME FOR THOSE LOOOOUD DRUM BEATS"
hahaha
He was right though
DUN 
DUN DUN
when he was in waverly and he felt a tug on his ankle
he did an EVP and they thought the ghost was saying something about dragging on the floor from all the drugs he was given
and then he was like "im so sorry that they gave you those drugs, this is so sad"
hahahaha
it didnt even sound like he was saying that
he just wanted a story about why something was pulling on his ankle
hahahahahaahahahah
Oh my god
hooly shit
he said
"Please attack me. Are you a murderer?"
I am dying of laughter
HAHAHAHA
i know!
dude
watch the first bobby mackeys episode
he gets attacked by demons
after telling them to attack him
lolololol
hahahahahahahahahaha
LOOOOOOL
I can't stop laughing at his fucking italian speaking
hahahahahaha
seriously like they go into every place asking to get fucked up
USE MY ENERGY
I wanna see him harmed by demons
"oh god as soon as i said use my energy i just got so tired, oh god im so tired right now"
hahaha
check out the bobby mackeys one
its pretty crazy
Exactly lolol
thats supposed to be the gateway from hell
Which one is legitimately better?  Should I keep watching thuis one
no go to bobby mackeys
its fucking insane
i think they go back 2 more times too
im gonna watch em when i get home
old timey gangsters and satan worshippers had human sacrifices in the basement of the club
Holy shit 
yea the owners say theyve been possesed and had to be exorcised and when the priest exorcised him a whole wall caught on fire
How do I find the video?
and they went into the basement once and a glowing green satanic symbol was in the dirt and the floor was burning hot
oh my gosh
hold on lol
haha
oh god it's like a little over an hour away from me
I googled it
haha
http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xujawq_ghost-adventures-s01x01-bobby-mackey-s-music-world_tech
YES
thanks
haha
buckle up bub, this ones nuts
I wish I believed in demons
I can see ghosts being real in a way
but not demons
you will after you watch this
dude they are yelling in french
what is going on
hahaha
i dont know
anyways i dont think demons are creatures from hell
i think they are just otherworldly creatures made purely of evil energy
they can manifest out of anywhere, i dont think there is an actual hell
That makes sense I guess
and ok the english one
score
hahahahaa
there you go lol
sorry im at work
he sacrificed zach
pretty much
im gonna watch 2 and 3 when i get home because i cant imagine what else they would go back there for lol
you look like ryan gossling, chris says
haha
 I've been told...lol..
when he has bleached white hair he looks like josh
more so like you though
https://medium.com/comedy-corner/fd08c0babb57
yo
heyo
whatttssup
im about to go to lunch so message me at like 4:30, gotta drive to mickey d's yo
okkkkkk , yo
http://www.buzzfeed.com/jenlewis/if-walter-jr-from-breaking-bad-had-instagram
HAHAHA
yea dude buzzfeed ftw
vassaaaap
heyyyyyy
I'm gon have to go to the ER after work, got a spider bite thats spreading out
Oh god
what kind of spider bit you?
no clue
thought it was a mosquito bite
and then today its a big welt and bruising outwards
the whole spread and everything is a about the size of a baseball at this point
on a lighter note, a dude just posted on our FB and his name is Pete Pan haha
1) It sounds like a brown recluse bite. If it isn't you're probably having an allergic reaction to a normal bite.
2) Good god hahahahaha
i know thats why im going to the ER when i get off work and yea dude i know haha
my coworker mike had an incident with a girl named
Shelly C. Dacock
oh my god
is that from a will farrell movie
it sounds like it
its a real woman's name hahaha
aaand i just found out that one of chris' supes sells a lot of coke
this place is so fun lol
its like high school man
It sounds like it
like
you can enjoy the idiocy without having to subject yourself to it
exactly
thats pretty much what i do
we have a sassy puerto rican girl from miami
and shes so nice to me, calls me "boo" and stuff haha
but she was telling us about selling crack yesterday
hahahahaha
and then said "BITCH THERE AINT NO REFUNDS IN THE GAME.  WHERES YOUR RECEIPT?!"
i laughed so hard
haha
shit
"the game"
i know dude
the fucking game
its a saturday so there arent many babysitters here
so its like workaholics
but with no phone calls in my department lol
hahaha
That sounds endlessly amusing
yet at times exhausting 
right now our tattoo covered, white, former rapper sales or something manager is helping martin pound his cubicle wall back together
he's like a nice eminem hahaha
a nice eminem hahahahaha
i swear this place is magical
I'm thinking about applying part time. I get back before may...so I really think it would be worth it hahaha
i dont know if i told you but they moved our department from our private office onto the sales floor with like 100 other people in cubicles 
so now theres more people to interact with
and yea dude do it
It is like workaholics 
it is man
but honestly with sales youre on the phone constantly, but they let you leave early when there arent many calls coming in
I'm not even romanticizing office jobs am I? It's like real life tv
hahaha
i know people last week that only got like 8 hours because they just left early every day haha
omg
lolol
I wouldn't leave early
I wouldn't want to
yes The Office and Workaholics are not jokes
wait
It's like when Michael goes into debt and works at the telemarketers place
and tries to be funny
and everyone's like shut up
hahahaha
im laughing 
That indian guy
yes
"I was a surgeon, in my homeland"
well actually
its all whites and blacks here mostly
hahaha
oh well haha let me create stories
you can
let me think of a story
okay so i think i know who our Michael is
his name is Kent Bissell, he'
he's like a big shit in the company
and he's said things like
his wife got pissed at him for filming so much of the nurse in the video of his daughter being born but he was like "hey i cant help that we had an attractive nurse"
hahahahaha
whhhhaaaat
yea and listen to this oen
one
a business is like a rainforest of monkeys
oh now weak metaphors 
no
when youre at the top and look down, all you see is smileing faces.  when youre at the bottom looking up, all you see is assholes.
hahaha
my manager says fabulous wayyy too fucking much and talks about drag queens
well actually
Queens
funny thing
my REAL manger got fired for embezzling 40k and getting caught with heroin
The washer/dryers here are called "speed queens." I think to myself, why speed queens? that's too easy. also what makes them royal. Whew glad to get that off my chest
and jesus christ
hahahaha speed queens lolol
and yea dude
It's like office space
yea like he got fired for embezzling, and i hated him anyways
and then that night
the cops arrest him for a DUI in front of his house and also find heroin on him
thats 2 felonies in one day
"World Class Service" hahaha
lolol
What a dick
he also was very very gay
the one that made out with emily tighe
HAHAHAHA
what
YEP.
also
I have to brb
I must tend to my speed queen
speed away, queen
speed away
which I imagine is fast homosexuals in a circular machine running my clothes in a circle like hamsters
them homos love small rodents, lemme tell ya
The queen did not do it's job
too slow to be speedy?
SPEEDY
cant leave work to go to the ER, i have too many occurences already -.-
gotta wait for them to drop off before i can start missing work again
Wow
that reallly sucks 
lame
i mean i can schedule vacation days that i get paid for
but i have to schedule those 7 days in advance and i only have so many per year
hi
hi dere
watching ghost adventuresss
haha oh gooood
hell yea goo day off haha
went and got a pre-psych eval
the official is on the 23rd
really?
interesting
yea and i feel like the psychologist is very competent
told him about my history with hard drugs, too
havent ever told a psych that
Well that's a good thing haha
yea i just want them to tell me whats wrong with my brain lol
I feel. Believe me
I feel
haha
Sometimes all of this garbage wrong with my brain makes me wonder if going into a field that studies the brain is going to drive me off the deep in and I'm going to slip away like the wind
We talk about our problems so much
I'm like
"r they real now"
hahaha
so are you still studying violin or no?
I am doubling up but with just a little less of violin.
If that makes sense
hahaha
what else are you studying?
Science. Pre-medical courses. Anatomy, chem, bio, biochem yada yada
what are you going to do with that stuff? psychology?
Neurology/Psychiatry eventually. I've thought about surgery because I have this blood lust thing, (that's a whole different story) but because of that I have kind of eased up lol
I'm obsessed with the human brain nonetheless 
tell me about this bloodlust haha
I love blood. I like to touch it. I like to smell it.  I like guts. I want to feel organs gliding across my palms
That sounds off
I knoe
Know*
I just have this weird thing about it. Blood is fascinating. I think it's so cool to watch someone bleed. Not to death, but just the act of it
It's fucking cool
and the blood as it clots
you know i have a similar feeling
but what repulses me
is if those organs are diseased or something
i would vomit
See that's where we differ. I have this insatiable urge to separate diseased flesh with a knife. Like popping a zit 
Although
I HATE vomit
It's like a chain reaction of vomit 
hahaha
but i see your point there with the zit comparison haha
be a surgeon then
give me free surgeries hahaha
I've always wanted to work on brains, but there's a catch: I couldn't handle more failures than successes, I couldn't handle the pressure I don't think as it's not like your messing with a liver. Someone could lose their ability to speak and it would be your fault
I also fucking hate the status that goes with that shit
god fucking damn it
That's what would drive me insane
people like that get put on pedestals and I'd probably HATE all of my colleges and quit
free surgeries
o.k. i got u
also it's so hard not to pop zits. I wouldn't be 20 with acne if I could resist the urge lol
hahaha
well
be a different kind of surgeon
A cat one to spite hipsters
Better yet
a dead cat
I'll be a cat pathologist with an active instagram account
oh god haha
no dude
cats and owls ONLY
and small birds
HAHAHAHAHAHA
dying
and I'll smoke a lot of weed and NOT talk about it
these things combined will collectively piss the world of hipsters off
roll blunts secretively
http://www.stuffistumbledupon.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Ghost-Hunters-meme-omg-that-demon-stole-my-hair-gel.jpg
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/009/935/hurr-durr-derp-face-untitled.jpg
hahaha
chris and i are going to start making evp memes hahaha
here, hours of entertainment
http://www.quickmeme.com/Ghost-Adventures/popular/6/?upcoming
hello
hi there old friend
what it do?
Laying down. What are you up to
fucking work -.-
i just want to go home and be poor in my own house and eat cheap pizza covered in garlic and ghost chili sauce and sprinkly cheese
COVERED
hahaha
covered
COVERED
i swear dude
i starve at work
i never have cash for the shitty vending machines
if i do, i buy peanuts because theyll make me not die until i get to eat at home
and if i want any other food i have to drive off the hill and wait in line at mcdonalds and then speed my ass back to work while eating and driving and totally not enjoying the food i just bought
wow
god
and I never know what to et from vending machines
i just go with peanuts now because they keep my the fullest for longest
its the protein
and jesus look at these man
http://www.buzzfeed.com/emofly/healthy-hamburger-alternatives
Ive had the first one
and Oh my god
oh my god
pesto on a burger
the sauce of sauces
I WANT EVERY SINGLE. ONE. OF. THESE. INMYMOOOOOUTH.
that's what she said.
hahaha
but
dying now
but god me too
i must learn to cook
ESPECIALLY THE PESTO
the ingredients are so fucking expensive jesus
im so poor haha
i eat 2 dollar pizzas for dinner
I actually go hungry. lol. I've applied for 8 jobs this month. no call.
I would love a two dollar pizza
which by the way
i love anyway because that's what my home has haha
I want pesto
it's aldi, man. cant beat it.
are you calling these places back after you interview?
I'm following up yes
and the trouble is
like there are many at the same place
so I can't call every time after every job
haha
and aldi 
yes
i think your ears could be a big factor, honestly
not to be a bitch but theyre pretty big lol
Yeah
I'm getting them sewn up
i told you haha, i TOLD YOU SOOO
APPARENTLY my grandmas neighbor is a plastic surgeon and cozied up to her when my grandfather died
advantage, me
hey nice shit
She like babysits their kids
haha
DAMN THESE HANDS
or EARS
or that one chase guy will do it and if you pay extra he'll use numbing stuff haha
what...?
chase um...chase lemme remember his name
i don't want it
I'm just curious
haha
chase campbell
about the thing
wow
god
haha
I would've a couple years back
 but 
oh yea he cuts out the inside of your ears and sews em back up
I want minimal scarring and clean incisions.
But
wow
they tempts me
lol
he goesout of state too
I just imagine him using a rusty knife and masturbating with my blood
ohhhhh
hm
haha salad fingers, professional body piecer
dude im so bored gahhhh
I actually may have been in a coma for 13 hours
haha
....for real?!
no
but i slept for a loooonnng time
lucky duck
i got maybe 7 hours and missed a local reptile show for work haha
BUT
IM SOOPER DOOPER EXCITED FOR WEDNESDAY IM GETTING 7 GECKOS AHHHHH
that's a lot
hhaha
mow many do you have still?
i dont even know
but 
im excited because
we were only supposed to have 2 new sub adult females that are amazing that we're growing up to breed
and i ordered 6 gargoyle geckos from this guy
he lost one
so
hes sending me 5 gargoyles, and another amazing female crested
SO IM SO FUCKING PSYCHED IM PAYING 50 DOLLARS FOR AN ARIEL CUDIA FEMALE
AND
the gargoyles are from lines from the guy who originally imported them
IM GOING NUTS
I don't follow completely but I sympathize with excitement. so awesome awesome awesome
yes much excite wow
hello
hi dere
what
s
up
listening to Lorde
working
u no
ah i c u grindin
Do you ever wonder if squash soup is hot baby food
HAHAHA
ive never eaten it
I just did
but theres a high chance that it is
Oh god
loool
I got it because I'm sick and that's the only soup they had
I hated baby food as a baby
End me
hahaha
so
Korn is coming to Huntington
and I guess I have to take Chris
because it's his birthday in november
HAHAHAHAHAH
I really hate Korn
HA.
Ha.
I know
I'm not sweet on them either
BRAHHHHHHHCCHHGGOI I'm coming undone. Something about evolution. A weird man with long hair. a ragdoll
HAHAHAHA
i tried to get josh to listen to deadsy
and?
and he listened to Phantasmagore
and he said
he couldn't stop hearing Korn
and im like
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I've listened to korn
There is no korn in there
It's just some of the 
I dunno\
the guitar stuff in some of the music overall
Is korn-ish
I can see that
but basically no
He said it's too nu-metal
so "like korn" i guess
i told him to listen to commencement because its different
It's not really nu metal
BOO
i know
I said
listen to commencement
and if jon davis enters your head
SHOOT HIM OUT
With gerber 
hot gerber
hahaha
so i just found a deadsy song ive never heard
and its good
That's rare for you because of your like of deadsy
tell me more
What the fuck is wrong with me
What did I just say
i know dis!  go to soundcloud, search deadsy, its the first song. "colossus"
aiight
It's not bad
I found it
wrong order
lolol
chris fond me all of their stuff
as well as all of their member's side projects
foudn
That's awesome
I hate being an adult because when we get sick we still have to go to work and class unless we're dying
that is not awesome
yep not awesome at all
i get sick days
well
i get 5 a year
after that
i can call off but i get occurences for it
the ending to breaking bad
Is causing me to suffer from phantom limb syndrome. 
It aches because I need to know that it's gone and be able to justify how much misery it is causing me
HAHAHA
the end of dexter dude
fucked my life
I need to watch that
after they took it off instant on netflix
I stopped
just google letmewatchthis dexter
Will I get in trouble if I'm on a school server
lol
is it like sketchy
Hm I don't think so
you dont have to download anything
I'm so sick dude
I feel like the palsy is going to take me
I think I'm gonna look up dexter 
and cautiously click it
but not too quickly
hahaha
THE PALSY
chris said palsy the other day
because they'll get me for using things other than microsoft word and facebook
yes
and i started laughing
hahahahha
what did he say
and i had to explain
hahahahahah
hahahaha
hahaha
haha
ha
how you had a palsy stage hahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
That literally can't be a thing
wait
do you explain my quirks in "stages"
i guess so hahaha
I've heard you say this before
potato was a stage
You've 
hahahaha
high fiving was a stage
you began that
DUDE
have I got a story for you speaking of stages
hahaha
you will like this one
It involves me being crazy
or not so much
go for it dude
I was MISDIAGNOSED as ADD as a child. I've been on uppers for so many years and I just stopped and regained so much of the function that I couldn't find switching from pill to pill. My doc took me off of the stuff a couple of days ago. It's suspected that my anxiety is so bad it just manifests as a focus issues under high pressure. The ADD meds were also making me delusional, paranoid, hyperaware of my surroundings, and MORE anxious
I should be angry
I am just relived.
I didn't know you were supposed to get tired later in the evening
wow haha
i can identify with that
because
i get very very unfocused a lot
Exactly
like ADD
right
thats insane
but it's because of anxiety ABOUT something related to what you need to focus on so it's NOT add
lol
I guess it would be hard to distinguish haha
i took my psych exam yesterday
i get results not this wednesday but next
like what kind?
like a 4 hour long one with puzzle blocks and spelling and then 2 different true or false tests
about my feelings and behavior
That's also an emotional intelligence test I think
I took one of those as a kid
with the blocks
haha
FEEELINGS
EW
GAY
I got every one right except the last one
*has issues with talking about feelings*
hahaha
LOOOL
i was sitting there filling out the questions on the T/F
and these feelings kept attacking me
and im like GTF OFF OF ME YOU FOUL BEASTS
Fags!
dumb feelings
I don't feel you
*dad was never there*
I could make a HORRRIBLE
HORRRRIIIBLEEE 
meme
lol
HAAAAAA
How do you know what you got "right"
Was it like
I am confused 
There's a right and a wrong?
haha
"These feelings are correct, these are not."
well they ask you the same question 10 different ways and in askew tenses
like
questions about drugs
were hard to answer
because i was trying to be honest
but i didnt know how, because of the questions
Oh I see
It was like 
a test built in to a test type thing
and you saw that it was that
and it became challenging
haha
yes!
like
"have you spent way too much money on illegal drugs?" well, yes.  but not right now.
"have you needed street drugs just to get throught he day?" well, yes. but not now.
etc
Oh
like
it gives you the chance to
"redeem yourself"
but you know that's not what the answer is about
It's just making you feel like you are
damn those quizes
i know!

I was forced to take a myers-briggs psychological thing last week
it made me reflect on every wrong i have ever done haha
i might have taken that
Have you ever done one of those?
what was it like?
It's a personality thing
like
It describes your personality type in four letters
how is the test set up?
like
In so and such situation would you be more likely to
choose the word most appealing to you
(oppisite words)
ah okay, never taken one of those
i want to though
but
just tell me your personality type because we would answer the same haha
There's a free online one
I took it after they sent an email with it for those who missed class
mine's INTJ
oh and it's a legit online test?
It was the same
yes
what does yours mean?
don't look up anything about the personality types
If you wanna take it
It will skew your choices
I'll get you the link
http://www.humanmetrics.com/cgi-win/JTypes1.htm
Okay imma take it now :D
okay josh just said this, im laughing out loud
"i had to regulate a motherfucker in steve and barrys"
"someone should have written a song about that."
HAHAHAHA
oh my god
he's like the most morally correct person out there
but if you cross him
he gets very very serious
he got kicked out of that new coffee place moxxy
because he told them taylor books is better hahaha
he got arrested and put in jail
for telling an officer that he had no reason to be acting the way he was
"someone tried to get me to vote for John Kerry
one of these clipboard bastards
i told him i was a member of the american anarchist party and my candidate for president was a pipe bomb."
i couldnt breath i was laughing so hard
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
HAHA
HA
HAHA
HAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
God
a pipebomb
hahahah
Why am I laughing at john kerry
I think it's because I imagine this dude has a VERY serious voice
he does
like
i cant even describe his voice
he sounds like hes from a city
buth e was raised here
Of course he does
but he's like, so calm and collected. so well dressed.  and imagining him getting into a fight. HILARIOUS.
he probably forced an accent until it caught on because he hates where he's from
I imagine
He's like
He thinks of himself as "normal in the outside world"
but he's isolated here
yes, he hates this place so so much
He's not normal though
we know this
lol
he was a jehovas witness
HAHAHA
bingo
there's the crazy
and left the faith and now doesnt believe anything but science
The crazy still lives inside of him
hes telling me the steve and barrys story
hahaha
" haha
well
the dude at steve and barrys
he overheard me swearing to my friend
like i do
"blah blah motherfucker.  blah blah cuntfaced whore.  blah blah goddammit."
and i guess he took issue with it
and stopped me and said "God bless you.  It's not too late to come back to Jesus."
 me:  HAAAAAAA
and you said?
 lordmacbayne:  i proceeded to demolish his arguments.
and cited the bible to support everything that i said.
i got kinda loud
and then a crowd started forming.
 me:  HAHAHA
 lordmacbayne:  i thought i might have to fight my way out.
haha
 lordmacbayne is typing
"
like
too fucking funny
dudes a trip
i have no intentions of pursuing him or anything like that, but i like talking to him and he's very insightful and in this rare case, hilarious
INFJ
SWEET
I knew we'd be like one diferent
I didn't know which one
haha
doesn't it tell you like...what you already know haha. Though it elaborates unti lyou go insane
space is in the wrong place.
It tells like, two or three famous people who also have it so you are validated
oh lemme look at that part
where does it say that?
just google your type
click first result
okay
hey
I just watched this "between two ferns" interview with steve carrell hahaha
i need to watch more of those
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c-3FQap7iw
omg
hhahaha
I do too
cant watch at work =/
Oh shoot
yea i hate being here
These are so awkward dude
like
ive been very depressed recently
why's that?
mainly about my birthday
i dont know
because im so poor
my cars about to break down
i owe the court system 200 dollars and i hate cops
i dont think im getting any presents
my moms a cunt
i have no credit so getting a car is a disaster
do you have credit karma?
It's free
sign up
And what did your mom do?
shes just a cunt
all the time
i wanted to go to chicago to finally meet my gecko family
and she always travels everywhere
she loves travelling
and she basically told me i could go if i paid gas, food, and lodging.
Hm
I mean
That's kind of cruel
but not cunty
my mom's making me take the greyhound back to columbus sunday
haha
yea but your mom doesnt spend money on stupid shit all of the time, and then deny you that money on your birthday
OH
I see
i looked at taking a greyhound, i cant afford it
So what all does she splurge on?
trips to vegas, trips to florida, skin products, perfume, eating out everywhere, etc
buying a new car every 6 months
How can she afford that? Is she a shopaholic?  like in major debt?
i have no idea
How could she not be
Godo god
haha
but shes offering me nothing for my birthday
im wallowing in poverty
i just want to die
Don't let it get to you
I am too
I got enough food for my birthday
My mom gave me extra money, so I could have more food this week
Do not let things get you down
ive been eating pasta for every meal for about a month
Work hard and try to be happy
Yeah I feel..
is your birthday tomorrow?
It's easier to be happy when you convince yourself that you're okay
It's saturday
whats today's date?
the 26th
ah okay
my pc wouldnt bring it up on the clock
piece of shit pc
Shit that sucks dude haha
I wish we could watch breaking bad together sunday lol
i know. my mom is actually forcing me to watch it with her.
Theorizing the whole episode with you would be a good enough birthday present for me
oh my god
i will end up leaving in tears, because of her
I am so sorry
what the hell
How can she do that?
If she provides you nothing
guilt
why do you keep going back to her
wait
Well
I understand
It's this "crazy parent" guilt
I have it
like you feel responsible because theyre too crazy to take care of themselves
EXACTLY
i hate it so much
i havent even taken my first break
because i cant stop crying
and when im facing my desk
no one can see
and i leave in less than 3 hours
Dude
I have one piece of advice
Life is very difficult. In different ways for everyone, so I can't say I know what you're going through
but You have to try and pull it together
that's the first step in eventually becoming ok
Just take deep breathes 
try and focus on someting
i know
i just have so many issues right now
its hard to focus on just one
then let yourself be upset
I think that's ok sometimes
ive been crying at my desk for like 6 hours
then tackle them one at at time
So? That's okay sometimes
sometimes you can be upset
i just need a new car
and mine is shit
and i have no money
after that, i owe the court 180 dollars in 6 months for some bullshit thats court costs
and then i have to buy my last male crested at the beginning of next season that will cost 500 dollars
Seems like the crested ids the problem
define "have to"
well, i sold the male that i use to breed certain females
so now, if i dont get this new male, those females will not be laying eggs
I dunno what to say
cause
no business makes ANY money in the begining, You know that
So it's just gotta be rough money wise
im fully aware
thats why its frustrating breeding top quality animals with a low quality budget
ARE YOY BUSY
You*
No lol waddap
Lets chill tonight I have transportation and also I am home.
whaaa really?!?!? YES!
Absolutely yes hahah
I'm off tomorrow so I can stay up laaate 
*dance party*
and tonights plans are pasta and ghost adventures and pee wees big adventure
so you chose the perfect night!
YES
yayay! ill be at home at 7:45
Youll have to remind me how to get there.I don't know Dunbar super well lol
its fine lol
just get off the exit, go like youre going to go over the SC bridge but RIGHT BEFORE turn left onto grosscup avenue where the drug store is
then you just continue until 15th street and make a left
youll see my car
and wait its a right now a left before the bridge
lol
left would take you to kroger
i just said before you told me you were in town that i wanted to fill out a book of mad libs and mail them to you
How late can you stay?  I want to make my little cake and we can share it
 As late as I like 
It's gonna be tie dyed, mango flavored, with coconut icing, and rainbow fondant
yay! we can make the cake!
*palletgasm*
i know i have all the ingredients, i just need powdered sugar
do you have any? its for rolling fondant on
I can stop by kroger LOL
can you grab some toothpicks too? they hold the cake together. everything else is on my kitchen counter
TOO MUCH EXCITE
Yeah idc. Ill probably grab other treats too. What kind of pasta is being made??! Spaghetti? 
we have all types of pastas and sauces
you like alfredo?
we have like 4 different flavored alfredos haha
Yes!
okay good
Can I bring pesto
yes you can!

you can have pesto cream hen pasta
That's my favorite on pasta 
Hahaha
this is magical
and as far as cakes go, welcome to the big leagues.
now im listening to the carter III.  look what youve done haha
I honestly,  even for nostalgias sake, can't lol
hahaha
 a milli, i still know the words
this is sad/amazing
Of course me too
you like a bitch with no ass, you aint got shit
GENIUS
haha
Gimme your exqct address so I can Google
1423 1/2 grosscup ave 
dunno if youll find it that way
its easier to just find grosscup avenue
then find 15th street
and we're right behind the big white house on the corner
my porch light is on
Happy happy birthday
Thank you. It's not been a great one but I guess it hasn't been terrible either 
I wanna say I feel but I spent mine at your place 
lol
Yea haha I got too drunk last night and got sick and had to wake up early for my doc to call me and tell me I'm bipolar 
Out of nowhere?
Nah it was a scheduled call 
hey
yo
whaddup
ghost adventures
O'course haha
gotta finish this and go to bed early because im sleep deprived haha
hi
hi dere fran
play online digimon MMO with me
Ok
direct me where to go and I'll do it
okay
http://www.aeriagames.com/playnow/dmus
just download, create an account and stuff, and just start with a digimon and start working
chris and i played for like 2 hours last night
so try to get your rookie digimon to champion level and do as much of the main quest as possible
and then we can play alongside each other
and be bad ass
so I have a mac and it's exe....-__-
i dont know how that works haha
I can't open the file
wtf you cant play games on a mac
poop
You can if they're made for both mac and pc
haha
=[
heyy
hi buddy
What's going on yo
sitting at work, won a gift card somehow lol
haha nice what kind???
the pay for anything kind
25 dollahs
As long as it's not American Express you're good
NO ONE accepts those
haha
Maybe more people do now
I dunno
visa card!
yay!

DING DING DING
for YOUR INFORMATION amex is our preferred card OF CHOICE
jeez michael get with it
hahahaha
OUR PREFERRED CARD OF CHOICE
who the hell is we
lol
ticketmaster
that used to be in my script
as a sales floor rep
oh god
I would hate to have a script
yea it said on the screen what you had to read
there was like a whole paragraph about insurance
for "allianz global assistance"
allianz
and NO ONE wanted to buy it "for only 7 dollars per ticket"
in the sky
allianz in my body
its "olly-onz"
allian space craft
I know what it is
I've just never seen it spelled out
haha
how do you know?
It's travel insurance
I've heard my dad say it maybe
ah okay
im so tired of working man
i just want to sleep
I slept in today. I compensated by going into hyper drive, but I did it and it's ruining everything. 
Let's quit school and work
go to Japan, and defeat godzilla
sounds like a plan
i know i could get like 600 a month by going on disability for anxiety and bipolar
BUT
HAHA
BUT
i need like 1200 a month to live lol
Yeah most people need at least 1000
that's why people who ARE on disability for that take from others, pr beg
I've considered it at my lowest points
lol
chris is going to go to school for IT work, its a two year program, and he says he can get jobs that pay like 1k a paycheck. when that happens, i can be a house liver and just do dishes and be happy.
Good for him
and it does
haha
You could work part time, or do your own business or something
OH WAIT
geckozzzz
I mean focus on your own business
lololol
hahaha
ye3p thats my plan
i love teh geckoz
and my snehks
ino ino
I might be working this summer. I applied for a neuroscience research job at CAMC. They pay like a one time stipend of $1,500. Which really isn't TOO bad
"stipend"?
It's like a fixed salary that you get paid in one or two incraments
I dunno why they call it that
Just call it
Money
so they give you 1500 one time, just in little parts
what would you be doing there?
They either give it to me all at once, or two parts  three weeks apart. I DUNNO. But I'd be assisting neurologists/neuroscientists/psychiatrists/psychologists with their laboratory research, depending on who they put me with. Could be chemical, could be behavioral.
that sounds really cool
is it related to your medical school stuff?
Yeah med schools want lab experience. It will help me in the long run anyway. I'm really starting to think I want to research schizophrenia and personality "defects." Someone pointed out to me recently, the "schizophrengenic mother." (a concept that WASPs used to blame mother's for mentally ill kids in the 50's that was quickly dismissed.) However, I think it's mainly my family's fault that matt has schizophrenia and I would love to be able to prove that 
lol
I guess I'm a secret wasp
thats really cool, you should definitely do that
I feel like people over think judgmental statements. If it's your fault it's your fault. It's your mom's fault that your mental illness came at you full swing? Right? How is that offensive? 
You've acknowledged it. I've acknowledged my own issues in that area. 
I hate overly sensitive types
ANYWAY
hahaha
rant ober
yea me as well
over
lolol
im full swing back into digimon
I wish I could play
been watching the newest season
Oh yeah!
which the game is based on
I've been meaning to watch that
Ithey put it on netflic
netflix
you dont need netflix
YOU DONT NEED IT
I KNOW
but IT'S THERE
and the school may or may not bar me from the internet for life if I stream things
but my HOUSE WON'T
why do they care if you stream things?
thats so stupid
because of ass
or dinkleberg
DINKLEBERRRRG
http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/the-whitest-things-that-have-ever-happened
dying
read that yesterday
buzzfeed keeps me from killing myself at work
It keeps me from killing myself at alltimes
I gave up on reddit
It got weird
buzzfeed seems kinda girly
at TIMES
i hate reddit dude
but it keeps me lauging
yeah I understand why
imgur is fun do
doe
Never really browsed it much
do it
funny funny
i would murder someone for a PB&J
LANGUAGE 
IT is watching
nah
but that sounds good
put potato chips on it
hahahaha LANGUAGE
no dude i get my crunchy from the peanuts in the butter
I love crunchy p-butter yo
ITS ONLY THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD EVER
http://www.buzzfeed.com/ontheregna/what-not-to-handout-this-halloween-ewt3
What is this website
http://imgur.com/gallery/ei6rjJV
hahaha
dual links
ok
haha imgur has the funniest and cutest things on the web
oh my god
those plastic spider rings
GOD DAMN IT
the raisins haaaaa
THE STRAWBERRY CANDY
IT SAYS
I know of all of these
sins
"WHERE DO YOU EVEN BUY THESE?"
hahahaha
WEVE HAD THAT CONVERSATION
hahaha
Yes.
thats so on point
theres a TERRIBLE sales agent that is loud and "HI MY NAME IS TINA" in the worst nasal voice ive ever heard
I HATE TINA
That's such a shit name
yet it some how works for milf tina fey
nasal voices also suck
it's like that girl from school with the big old nose
whoever
MILF TINA FEY HAAAHAHAHAHA
youre weird
I said it like notary joe
lololol
You are also weird
do you watch eastbound and down?
nope what's that
brb, but continue your thought
WATCH ITTTT WATCH IT WATCH IT WATCH IT
its produced by will ferrell
and stars danny mcbride
What's it about
baseball player has been that wants to regain his fame, hes a drug addict and whatnot, starts working in his home town as a sub teacher
hilarity ensues
ends up in mexico, then myrtle beach
hahaha
OH ok
that' sounds vaguely formula  
or familiar 
its very formula
its the funniest show on television
its my new breaking bad, it comes on every sunday at 10:30
I will watch it
my sunday's are so empty now
so explain this to me
how is it with you and bella both being in ohio but at different school?
schools
Kind of odd that we both moved out of state, but are technically the same distance in miles away from eachother as before
but it's not so bad
we skype, visit like once a month, all of that good stuff
If there was more I could do without sacrificing my own future, I would do it
But I always come first. That's just my rule of thumb
If people can't handle that, they can SUCK IT
haha its a good rule, so people can suck your thumb
So far it's panned out nicely
YES OMG EXACTLY WHAT I WAS THINKING
no lie
lol
hahaha
i feel like
maybe a long distance relationship would be good
it would make you value time together more
it is good in it's own way
Yeah
you take nothing for granted 
holy shit
that buzzfeed about misused words
why weren't granite and granted on their
I KNOW
I TAKE YOU FOR OBSIDIAN 
am sry
haahahaha
my favorite was
i cuold care less
FOOLS
i bitch about that all the time
That bothers me daily
THEN FUCKING CARE LESS IF YA WANT
OK
ok
HAHA
man
i wish mcdonalds made grilled cheese
It's like at dinner "I could eat more"
THEN DO IT
DO IT, YOU MOTHER FLUBBER
I bet wendys would make a better one
but mcdonalds is closer to you
right?
nope wendys is across the street from mickey d's
so the could have a cheese off
oh yeah
and i would vote 
you work near my live
"my live" lolol
yes
i like saying
stuff like
"in the drawer, where the forks live
"
I wanted to start rhyming with your senctences
but I opted out
just thought you should kniw
hahaha
thank you for telling me
last nigth at the grocery store
chris said something
and i just started sayign things that rhymed
i know its hard to avoid
im jealous that you live in ohio because all the reptile shows are there
Really? I knew there was one near columbus that you liked to frequent 
columbus and cleevland both
cleeeevland
and cincy
"cin city"
loool
I hate the term cincy
like
that is not the vernacular I am comfortable with
Cincinnati 
OH K
i agreeeee
People here say C-bus
as if you can make columbus into a short word
ive driven to ohio and back by myself like 10 times though. so i kind of know ohio.
Have you ever been to amish country? It's weird. It's pleasant yet creeepy
I've been THROUGH it
ive been to the pennsylvania one
WHATJA THINK
i went to the zoo though
i like amish places
it is creepy
but not
but it is
but great candy
but no cell service
lolol
Too bad for all of my cool friends 
right?
i dont text or call ANYONE
except for doctors
I do occasionally. I text an old friend to see if they hate me yet. They don't wanna hang out with me ever again, so it's okay to text me casually to indulge me
I think that may sound a little crazy
reading out loud
hahaha, like what old friends? and i know what you mean
like WVU friends. They likely resent me. lol
lol wanna hear a funny story?
yes
back when i was taking all that etizolam, like too much of it to function, i did the same thing. i would message or text old friends and ask if they wanted to come over and see my new house. and when they made lame excuses i was just like EVERYTIME YOUS EE ME IN PERSON YOU SAY WE SHOULD HANG OUT AND THEN YOU COME UP WITH BULLSHIT EXCUSES NOT TO, FUCK YOU, YOU PIECE OF SHIT. and then i would block them. and thats why i have no friends hahaha.
dude that's very bad
I have never done that
wow
haha
talk about mood swing on a dimee
it wasnt a modd swing, those pills made me a mega bitch. like, i got banned from the wv reptiles group and just recently begged my way back in hahaha
i would just go off on ANYONE
and think NOTHING of it
That's what I mean
haha
the pill obviously did that
that blows
but what an extreme side effect
it happens
yep its funny though, i was hanging out with shayn the whole time too. i feel bad for chris, i was too messed up to see why its not okay to invite shayn over all the time haha. he would be so high on heroin that he would LITERALLY pass out in our floor.
Yeah you went through this phase where
You didn't get that some things were NOT okay to do
lol
yea i mean i was and still kind of am (but not as much) in this transition of growing up but not wanting to, at the same time. settling down with chris, but still wanting to hang out with guys.  i dont know what it is, i grew up too fast.  thats why the whole josh thing happened. i got bored because im still a kid.
insightful
Very true though
minus though
very true
haha
i just want togrow up already so i can stop wanting to do things that i shouldnt
some days i seriously sit at my cubicle and cry, and want drugs
or i want to have my cross lanes friends back
I udnerstand
minus the drugs
because i felt like i was a part of something
I have a pathological fear of drugs
Yes I understand
I have come to accept solitude though
I am not a part of anything
I have no one here
i have no one here, either
its very weird
i grew up here
and yet i have no one
i have chris 
but sometimes i yearn for others
for actual friends
i actually miss kendall
I have no one when I come home either really
WOW
I know what you mean
missing someone even though they sucked because they were someone
i mean she was a bad person, for herself. and she screwed me over once. but towards the end she was a very solid, loyal friend and helped me when i dropped out of school.  she even stood up to my mom once, she told her that if she didnt treat me the way she did i wouldnt be running away or doing drugs
It sounds like she just grew up
Maybe from the get go she was just TRYING to look out for you
before she really knew your mom anyway
possibly
she was stupidthough
as far as i know shes grown up a lot in virginia, not a WHOLE lot, but she isnt a party animal anymore lol
and yes, she was retarded
but loyal
she was a good dog
hahaa
jesus
a good dog?
yes, stupid and loyal
and fought like a rabid bitch
hahaha
I forgot about her and her obsession with symphony players
I also forgot she was actually a musician. She was so hollow psychologically 
i forgot about all of that too
the funniest thing ever
was, she was taking a bath in her mom's jacuzzi
and she blew the breaker and her lights went out
and she screamed literally as loud as possible for me to come help her
and i had to go find the breaker box
hahaha
lol wowwww
i thought there was someone hurting her
oh like that kind of scream haha
yes
like theres a ghost in here scream
and i swear that house is haunted
so it scared me haha
it had to be a ghost in the example, not a criminal
it had to be paranormal
haha
only because that house is totally haunted
i feel bad because i totally dumped jordin as a friend haha
i picked her up to come hang out with us, and i was like "i dont really like people, so im gonna have you over and see if i like people in my house and then we'll get to hang out more after this" and then i never invited her back over because she is irrationally afraid of lizards
It's probably part of that pretend cute shy girl act she has going on
it has sunk into her personality
IT HAS. she's dating nolan which is disgusting, and she's in beauty school, so her little scene queen personality has become her life.
well at least she's doing something I GUESS
but nolan still
what a dirt bag
that guy listens to metal still
what is it
2008
HAHAHAHA
and he has grimy long hair
he does, he looks like a god damned rat
and like, nick ross hangs out with him
we used to call him that
EWWWW
at school
hes a lousy human being
i dont know, it just bothers me that she has to meticulously cake on make up every single day
and im like, whats make up? i have a job now?
i dont have time for that bullshit
i shower every day, youre welcome, world
That's what most people are like
This morning I cut my hair with safety scissors because I'm tired of combing it and haircuts are expensive. This was following my not shower
hahahaha
safety scissors
i need a hair cut, but i cant decide if i want it really short again or if i want to grow it out
currently its pretty long but ihave to keep bleaching the roots and it takes 2 bottles of dye to cover it
I like it long partly becuse I can't remember it short anymore
Yea that's how I feel, but it was so easy to deal with short
and I'm fatter now so I don't know what hair style is best
Who cares it's hair. (reminder: I cut my bangs off with safety scissors meant for construction paper today out of annoyance)
hahaha
just cut off body parts out of annoyance
"PINKY YOU DO NOTHING FOR ME, YOU ARE OUT!"
My philosophy: treat every part of your body like your appendix 
haha
DONT NEED YOU GET OUT OF HERE KIDNEY
i wish i could legally sell a kidney
use it to llook things up
oh yeah
I don't know about that
I know  guy
who
knows a guy
well through seven degrees of separation we both know a guy 
facebook suggested that I add a guy with red hair posing in devil horns on his profile
hm...whats his name?
haha
Phillip Meadows?
oh wait it's not his profile pic
he has a whole album
name soudns familiar
read this whole article http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/the-weird-world-of-riff-raff-20131008?page=2
he tweeted this
hahaha
yea and FB'd it
his name is HORST
note how they have to identify WHO exactly simon rex is because he's not that famous of a person
lol
not diplo doe
have you heard diplo's old stuff
its amazing
DIPLODOCUS
It's not an act
?
PLease tell me that isn't true
if it is true I can't like him anymore
not on principle
It's just not funny
no its not an act
keep reading
is he fucking autistic?
holy shit
why? hahaha
hes just crazy
He's delusional, socially inept, extravagant, seemingly unaware of basic facts, doesn't tell a lot of the truth. Something is not right with him hahaha 
yea he lies about stuff a LOT
he may be highly functioning autistic
look for his brother viktor simco
TWINS
Wow
He's like David Carter
who dat>
self diluded and everything 
this kid from middle school
who fucking
was like
autistic or something
but he thought he was the shit
OHHHH
and was always
dancing
hahahahaha
yes
HAHAHAHAHA
wanna watch me two step
was he a white kid?
yes
smelly
dirty
but thought all the girls wated him
was convinced he was dating elaine barry
emily what's her name
and told everyone this shit
rapped for us all of the time
thought our laughter was like, in applaud
and of COURSE the DANCING
soulja boy
i THINK i know who youre talkign about
https://www.facebook.com/david.carter.7393264?fref=ts
he looks very familiar
i dont remember him dancing hahaha
the humor of his existence was more of an 8th grade-10th grade thing
he went to cap
but good god
he is so much like riff raff
but
I think just smart enough to be not mentally challenged
like
just above the line
hahaha im laughing at my desk
thats funny
riff raff my be slightly slow
he has to be
I don't see any interview 
it's just like
a bio piece
haha
no no
the whole thing is an interview
from the beginning
page 1
he tells the interviewer to take his Porsche and go get it washed while he gets dressed
haha
OH yeah
and he only finds a condom aand a dollar?
right
I read out of order
yes lol
didnt you say he tried to booty call gabby whatserface?
yes
several times
how? like what did he say? hahaha
like girl lemme get you out here yada yada yada ill show you a good time u can come to a show 
did she respond?
probably
I would
he's hot
hate to say this, but i think he actually has the potential to be hot
and he has long hair
he probably does rock
even worse, i used to think he was mixed
rock and roll that is
hahaha
HaHAHAHA
he's fucking german isn't he?
yes
a german jew
that's the OPPOSITE of mixed 
his ancestors  probably killed eachother 
yep hahaha
anyways '
that's a horrifying thought
he said he's tired of seeing chubby girls after shows
so, no longer hot
and the probable mental disability, not hot
you actually found him attractive though?
hahaha
not so much him
dude I think he really is mentally ill
the idea of him
just his style i guess
you idealized how awesome he was as an object
I did
hahaha
yes
BINGO
because like, i want to BE that person
yep
that you cant even be mad at
because hes so funny
no
I gotta go to this concert dude
which one?
riff was in ohio on the 5th, btw
It's a school one and fucking ticketmaster is printed all over these tickets hahaha
hahaha yes! we literally rule the world
government shut down? no problem, live nations got this.
This is literally a viola recital that maybe 70 People will go to and ticketmaster owns it
not necessarily
we can print custom tickets
Probably owns the whole school
Wvu realized that you don't need a third party and used a printer and scissors haha 
There's a photo of justin bieber on it
oh god why hahaha
ticketmaster advertising merch
yep we own all of you
I think it's true
unscrambled, live nations spells out "I am the anti christ. I killed michael jackson."
or maybe it's just gibberish
ahahahaha
source unconfirmed
i gotsta get ready to leave and eat grilled cheeses and pbjs
i catch u l8r
l8r sk8r
haaaaa
hey
what's up
hi there
sitting at work, last day until the "Weekend"
i wanna eat capn d's
I sometimes have that craving
and then I recall what uncontrollable vomit feels like
i never puke hahaha
the vinegar i use kills all germs
so i started my own imgur account
getting karma out dee asss
HAHA
nice
I like that website
I like buzzfeed for humor 
but imgur for when I have the gloomies and neet cute animals
i have both sites up right now
i just posted
i work for ticketmaster, ask me anything
hahaha
How many tickets
675
micro or macro
yellow screech
whaaa
just wanted to see if you'd respond to nonsense
of course, i always do
lol
why did I just spend 10 minutes looking a galleries of giant insects that hurt people
I do these things
and then think "what is wrong with me why"
haha
i dosimilar things
i have a GIANT swollen spider bite on my leg
AH
almost went to the ER thinking its a blood clot
What kind of spider was it?
no clue
i never see them biting me
I know that you do have spider bites or you wouldn't be complaining 
but objectively you sound coo coo
haha
I NEVER SEE THE SPIDERS
THEY ARE INSIVISIBLE AND SENT BY JESUS CHRIST
if it's really swollen maybe you should though
nah i get these sometimes
and then they go away in 2-3 days
Are you sure they're spider bites
could be some kind of weird dermatitis 
pretty sure
theres bite holes
check your bed and your bed room
i have
we cleaned it all over too
no bed bugs either?
damn
i swear its spiders
i told you
watch out for these spiders, and potato moths, big potato moths
wtf hahaha
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE5xZKszXMQ remember
ooooh yeeeaaaa
hahaha
last night my son got the tv and now hes saying if i dont buy pretty asian barbies off abba he'll do the dishes
hahahaha
must rewatch
yes
for the sake of toucan stubs
toucando
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-5G-fltPEQ
hahahahahahahaha
wtf is this dudes deal lololol
Look up.more of him
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cpIJO5U9Ts
ill check that one out when chris' dad and my fucking mom leave
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Spirit_of_Truth
OH ok
haha
and htis is about him, it's a riot
wait
what...?
lemme read it
music featured in the videos HAHAHA
have you watched it yet? If not it's gonna be much funnier
no i havent i will as soon as tim leaves
reading about it first makes it all the more fantastic
i didnt know he swore on air lol
Yeah
also the bruce guy
SPEAKKKK
SPEEEEEAK
*whips air and dog inexplicably barks* 
i didnt see that hahaha
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT_s_ocMqH0
hahahahaha
I have so many
lol i showed chris and he was like "this is very terranova"
HAHAHA
I literally almost choked to death watching
before he was shirtless and looked like a dominatrix he was a normal tv pastor, just really quirky
he has made me choke on food multiple times actually
I need to stop eating while watching these videos
hahjaha
he looks like a dominatrix?
Well
im excited to watch these hahaha
not so much that
as 
you expect one to come out and abuse him
(he looks like a sexual deviant with his whips and leather vest)
hahaha
what the hell man, reverends are fucking weird
its so easy to become a reverend
HAHAHA
reverend 
becoming a reverend
listening to, a reverend
watching, a reverend
the reverend
reverend
my reverend
your reverend
all reverends
reverend
hahaha
chris has a "friend" that wont leave him alone, ever
what a weird word
reverend mark krawitz
hahahaha
the dude is loony
like reverend
or "reverend"
hes a real reverend
i told you
its so easy to become one
OH WAIT IVE SEEN THIS GUY ON TOSH
from the first video you sent me, he looked white
YEAH
that's where I first saw it
wait
dude
they're different
yea theyre definitely diffetrent
I've sent you two of the white dude who is a weirdo fetish guy
and one of the black guy who likes to swwear
okay let me find the other white guy one
send it again
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT_s_ocMqH0
watching now lol
SPEAK
he has chains on hahahaha
yes
hahahaha
laughing my ass of
SPEEEEEEEEAAKKKK
this dude is on so many drugs
THATS A GOOD QUESTION. TAKE EM OUT!
hahahahahahaha

1:48am
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-5G-fltPEQ

Rev Bruce Howard Part 1
www.youtube.com
this is my ABSOLUTE favorite one
oops
HES ON all of THE DRUGS
I think I sent that one
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAA
I am watching 
IM LAUGHING SO HARD
and laughing so hard
and I've seen it 4 times
NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAME TAKE EM OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NAAAAAAME
HAHAHA
I can't breathe
breth
fuck
hahahahh
g
wep[ogjefpj
god damn this guy
OH MY GOD
THE FUCKING DOG
I CANT STOP LAUGHING
yeah
like
IM CRYING
there is no dog there
HAHAHAHA
Next time I'm in we just have to marathon watch these
OH MY GOD
hold on
HE WAS WEIRD BEFORE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFjs-mVdfJ8
I HAVE TO SHOW THESE TO CHRIS
before the total transformation
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-x8srJ-vaVw
also notice how FUCKING WEIRD the callers are
this was a cult by the way
HE CUT HIMSELF ON TV
What was his cult called?
It was more of a cult following
some people still believe that he knew what he was talking about
its the best he could do, on a moment's notice
hahaha
its a fucking dog
hahahahaha
look at his scarves
he has two scarves
he loves them he LOVES them
HAHAHAHA take a hike, bitch
where did you find these?!?!?
the depths of youtube
i have to show EVERYONE
have you watched the part where he was answering the guys question about public masturbat
omg
no lolol
he is now yelling either peas or keys
it's the first vidoe I sent you last night
HAHAHAHA
there are five parts to this series
oh i saw the one where he said hes innocent of masturbation
and he was like MASTERCATION
I DIDNT SAY TO READ BUT YOURE READING
this is what he is saying now
I ONLY WANT PROPHETS FROM THE DUNG HILL AND MY OWN NEIGHBORHOOD
HAHAHA
OH I CANT READ THAT
THATS TO ADVANCED 
TOO
what 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcBJQeLEPYk
hahahaha uncle jim, i want ya to send me some mor emoney!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
put the mic behind you it's shining
omg a girl is calling in with a riddle
watching a pot doesn't stir the beans
"I am so excited"
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT HUMAN BEANS
I am in love with this dude hahahahah
HAHAHA
how are you "BETTER THAN YOULL EVER BE FUCK YOU"
hahahaha
omg http://www.urlesque.com/2010/06/01/26-hilariously-inaccurate-knock-off-toys/
hahaa
tomas
robert cop
benign girl
hahaha
hahahaha
better than malignant girl!
I love the titanic transformer
yea its the fucking titanic haha
HAHAHAHA SPECIAL MAN
special man
like
that's just too awful
i laughed at that
he looked special too
He is
he's my special man
like
wtf would a kid do with that
"look at my special man"
have to watch more reverend
hahaha
yes
haha the phone number for white power
HUMAN BEANS?!
HE HAS COURAGE
omg
hahahaha
hahaha
WOW I DONT NEED A DICTIONARY, IM BASE AND LOW!
wow when the dude misreads the phone number, i fear for his life
THE LAUGHING SONG
hey
Hey. Internets out. :/ 
oh damn
Yea and my phone is shitty so message me later and we can talk on my pc yo
hey there
hey
have you seen antichrist?
no
what is that?
I mean
well you know what I mean
its a movie
and its fuuucked uuup
josh said i should watch it
and also movie mike told me to
watch "Begotten"
It's not scary, as much as it is "Oh god, I'm scared of my own mind"
kind of thing
but I'll write that one down
I've seen it somewhere before, never watched it though
read the wikipedia page or, at least a description of this fucking film. It's so weird
one of the actors is cast as "God killing himself"
hahaha i will read on it
that sounds nuts
hello
hi there
what it do
watching american horror story
its nuts
dude
haha
I just started watching that
I'm 8 episodes deep into the first season
im watching the 2nd one first
about 8 deep
lol
The second one has aliens
that's why you picked it
lol
I contemplated watching that one first
i picked it because the asylum its based on is waverly hills
it has a body shoot
OH YEAH
and used to house TB patients
It does
How many seasons are there? 
I know new ones are coming on or something
3 i think
no clue
just started binge watching haha
I love the psychosexual horror aspect of it
I'm not scared of ANYTHING unless it's sexual
I sound like someone who was touched as a child
wow
hahaha
hahahaha
BUT
it's true
like
just the hypocrosy of these nuns freak me out
alien rape is probably the most horrifying concept
really?
What's the season all about? 
a nun run asylum
with a nazi doctor
OH
and an evil santa
and creatures
so crazy experiments right
haha

NAZI DOC
yes
very crazy
theres a murderer who skins people
the first season is seriously a continuously loop of mind games, if you deviate from the screen for one second you miss like hours of material. Which makes watching it almost laboring lol
oooo skin
All of this in the asylum 
Nazis, nuns, murders, DOCTORS
WHAT
AHHH
hahaha
yea but you need to watch this'
after season one. I can't not finish something
i know lol
I HAVE DANIEL TOSH'S NUMBER
GAHHHHHHH
what
ITS MINE
AND HIS EMAIL
AND ADDRESS
how
he got his justin timberlake tickets and chris came upon the account
this is destiny
i also have jay-z's email
it's in our outlook haha
How do you know it's actually jay z?
hahah
because it says CEA of RocNation
CEO
shawn carter
omg
They use ticketmaster
OK
i mean jay z is one of our partners
his email is in our uotlook contacts
outlook
OH 
I see
wow
that's odd that it's so accessible  
i mean you have to know what youre looking for
The power comes from keeping them to yourself I think
the minute it's leaked in ANY way it gets changd
you know
yep
lpus we could get fired if tosh wanted tob e a dick
well yeah
haha
theres that
so conflicted, i love daniel tosh lol
when is he supposed to take his own life
when he turns like
38 or something
Isn't there something like that about him
i think 40
lolol
probably a joke
Yeah
but he'll make it something
he's already old
he won't ignore the fact that he said it
haha
yeah
lol
he's 38
ok
well I was wrong
clearly
hahaha
i dont know why but i have no want to email jay z
what would you say
like
it's not worth it
what do you say to the guy who thinks he's God, and breathed life into Yeezuz 
s
HAHAHA
lol
that makes sense now!
YEs
jay z is god because of yeezus
yeez
Indeed
Yeezus Price
lol
i would just troll him and be like
MAN...what was it like working with THE justin timberlake???
because JT is the shit
Oh my god
hahaha
i would most likely be fired
unless i used a VPN
OMG IM NOT ALLOWED TO TELL LIZARD PEOPLE SO I HAVE TO TELL YOU JUST READ THIS
ok
ok
haha
let me tell you about the most exciting thing to ever happen in my whole life  
it's a long story so buckle in 
So, Philippe De Vosjoli.  One of the founding fathers of rhacs in the trade today.  He is revered the same way Allen Repashy is. 4:13 PM 
Philippe has finally isolated a gene in gargoyle geckos, and it is co-dominant.  It's called "phantom", and it makes their eyes black.   
My good friend Ariel Cudia in Illinois is friends with Philippe, so Philippe let him buy some of these gargoyles that only he has.  Ariel still have to pay 2k for each one. 
Ariel is going to breed them to some normal gargs and because the trait is co-dom, more than half of the babies will also be phantom.  
Out of these babies, he is going to raise them up, and release FIVE to people around the US that he trusts to keep this on the way DL.   
He has decided to send me TWO OF THEM, for free.  
I told me I have to charge as much as I can for them so that they don't explode into the pet trade and they retain their value. 

He's sending YOU two of them?!
YES
IM GOING TO MAKE SO MUCH MONEY
IM GOING TO FINALLY BE ABLE TO QUIT MY JOB AND RAISE LIZARDS
I'm very happy for you. How do you know this guy? Like how do YOU know him PERSONALLY? That's a big deal
Well, I'm a parto f his FB group for lovers and breeders of these geckos, and he works for Kraft foods.  Very rich, is a nutritionist with patents and whatnot.  Loves geckos so he has the money to buy these amazing things.  I ordered some gargoyles off of him, and he sent me a free female crested of high value for my birthday.  And I guess just because he sees me as nice and not in it for the money, he chose me as worthy of this.
I will be able to buy a house because of him.
I told him after I sell the first one I breed, I'll have money to fly down and thank him in person.
Like how much do oyu estimate you'll be generating?
Well, they lay 2 eggs every30-60 days.  I have around...give or take 6 or 7 female gargoyles.  The others may be male, don't know yet.  So, it's a co-dom trait which means about half of the babies will have this eye morph.
Oh and they lay for about 8 month if not more.
*months
I mean profit wise
hahah
If I sell them at base price 2k a piece
good to know though!!
I'll be making
woah
A shit ton
I mean, that's what Ariel paid.  And he specifically told me to sell them for as much as I can.
Gecko people will pay out the ass to one up a rival.
Especially because, like, well...think about this
the BIG TIME breeders
with thousands of geckos, that make TONS of money
will not have what i have
therefor
I could probably get 10k out of the bigger guys
And of course eventually the money will go down as their value decreases, but im going to invest this money in a nice car, a house, and my 2k dollar hognose project that will also make me thousands of dollars
This dude just handed me a career out of kindness.  I have to figure out how to pay this forward.
im just a normal person, i dont know how this happened
it's like the opposite of that simple plan song
omg
it is 
but weak analogy 
but awesome aesome awesome dude
That's fucking insane
i know man
i just...dont even know what to do with myself because i cant tell anyone who would care haha
i mean besides you and chris
I know what you're trying to say
i stopped talking to josh
it just got so obvious that he doesnt really care about anything i say
i finally asked if maybe sometime he'd want to go for a walk again
and he said "dont know. im very busy"
which basically means "no, never, fuck off"
I dunno, I'm very busy
No the context is different. The last time we went on a walk it lead up to Chris breaking up with me for like 5 seconds and then he got on my gchat and told josh, as me, that I'm attracted to him. So I don't think josh wants to slip up around me. I'm pretty sure he'd go in for the kill if I didn't work with him. 
Maybe you shouldn't be around him either. Sounds like a high risk situation. No one really wins, just sounds stressful
That's why I stopped talking to him. If he can't control himself that's not my problem. It's just annoying the way he acts.
like everyone does: you think they're cool at first and then they turn out to be a huge child
Haha yea! You're my only friend, and I appreciate that a lot.
do this
http://www.buzzfeed.com/tanyachen/what-famous-celebrity-friendship-are-you-and-your-bff
tell me who we get
oh my god
did you do it
I just did it
I've done it twice
and I don't even want to tell you what came up
tine fey and amy poehler
See I just got that
the first ten times
I got
"oprah and gale"
HAHA
who the fuck is gale
gale is oprah's "best friend"
probably gay
I think for one of the questions that I really had no answer for I said that people think that we are lesbians
come to think of it
I didn't take many of the questions seriously
lol
hahaha
i love buzzfeed
gets me throught he day
through the
It's fantastic
it truly is
oh wanna hear something crazy? remeber those geckos i was telling you about
i somehow already have 3 of them. philippe de vosjoli accidently sold 3 babies a long time ago, and i ended up buying them.
as adults.
How can you be certain?
also that means you are actually a couple steps ahead of your self now haha
i showed ariel the photos of their eyes
look
black
woah
thats the super phantom, the super form of the gene
our other two are normal phantoms
they look like this
the first one is distinctly super
yep
so
waiting for their babies
which is hilarious because
we were going to sell them for 40 dollars
and now i know theyre worth like 2k
holy shit
that's ridiculous. plus the two others coming
EXACTLY
by the time the two others get here, i will have sub adult phantoms that ive bred myself
the eggs for her will hatch probably this week
can I ask you a question
yesh
Why after three years and no evidence of ANY reason not to, I am constantly struggling to trust bella. Like I don't know specifically why or what, but I basically can't and I feel like saying I do is just lying to myself
Paranoia?
Does she have a history of cheating, flirting, being shady?
See
I don't know
I just want someone to tell me I'm crazy
but I sometimes get that "woah somethings up" feeling in my stomach over really small things, like at random times.
like anything involving another guy
and I'm not the jealous type
Well I remember when she was with that nasty thing zach pauley or whatever, he TALKED to jenny hogan, and bella like went nuts and started crying and shit
I just want to believe so bad she's hiding something
really now
well i dont want to tell you youre crazy because instincts are often accurate
but
That's what I'm saying
i dont know her well enough to say either way
right
It's just
You know that feeling, like you know that you should be concerned about someone or something in any sense. I just can't pinpoint it
i do know what youre talking about
what kind of crowd does she hang out with
?
She has one friend at college, who doesn't even smoke or anything.
and
I know her other friends at home
I mean
she's confessed to liking other guys while we were together. I could barely deal with that much
I don't know like, I wouldn't trust devon woodrum, and theyre like best friends.  and she was friends with daisy, which i think is insane as far as bad character judgement.
Yeah she isn't anymore. Daisy and devon are pretty shitty 
i just automatically think that these new pseudo-hippies will pretty much get down with anybody, but i dont know her so i cant say
That's what I think
I feel like that she's lying so well that the lies unraveling would upset her, but as long as I don't know she's fine
That sounds insane
but haha whatever right
hm...if she had found another guy, she probably would be pushing you away slowly
I'm not saying she "found" someone else
but if she had sex with someone like once, then she is probably just trying to keep that secret
I'm just thinking, like
yes
that
or more than once
or flings with other people
nothing serious
she would be pushing me away
but you can hide a small thing
sorry im freaking out. I've never had the chance to vocalize this and I'm having a random thing
i understand your feeling completely, its how i thought when i thought chris was still fucking tiffiny
and i had no way to really know
What lead you to believe that? and how did you find out it wasn't true
well gary would abandon him at the shop and she would take him home to gary's, she would take him to petsmart to get bugs for his reptiles, he had no ride ever so that makes sense kind of. but once i saw a hickey on his neck.  and he wouldnt talk about it forever and then finally explained that they had all had a dumb wrestling match and tiffiny held him down and bit his neck to piss me off. i did not believe this until recently, when the whole josh thing happened chris was talking to a female reptile friend and he told her the same story he told me about tiffiny.  at this point he could have said he had cheated with her if he really had, because he had just broken up with me over josh.
but he told her the same story he told me and i believe him. and she told him that the reason i started getting into josh was probably trust issues from me not believeing him.
which i think is partially true.
interesting
Yeah I wouldn't have belived that story
but weirder things have happened
i didnt believe it until he told Moriah about it, she lives in florida and vapes and keeps geckos and they talk pretty often.  
Yeah like why would he tell her a lie about that
it wouldn't make sense
so he was telling the truth
I just don't trust people easily
I've never been in a relationship where the girl didn't get drunk with someone else. Other than Angel. lolol
and by get drunk I don't mean just get drunk
Even fucking nicole sangid cheated on me at age like 14 what the fuck man. lolololol
i told you should was a whore, you never listened to me lol
I was just naive 
I know, I was the same way
She was a whore
lolol
Yeah
hahaha
well i dunno if you have a hunch i wouldinvestigate
or just ask her point blank
See, I have before
It took me months to stop secretly going through her emails and social networking profiles
that's insane person bahavior 
i mean i did it to chris too
but he was sketchy back then
he flirted sometimes
I did this for over two years
I never found anything
lol
I felt like I was going to though
she changed all her passwords
probably for the better haha
wait
see when chris would change his password it was because he was flirting.  as soon as he got away from those sissonville mutants he completely changed.  and then when this josh thing happened, he pretty much threatened to kill himself if i left him.
so, his allegiance is with me lol
haha. whoa 
but hm
I guess that makes sense
It's just 
I couldn't think of anyone she would be flirting with or anyone
unless
SHES THAT GOOD
no
I'm smarter than that
hahaha
you are smarter than that
does she have face time?
you should face timeh er at random times
see if anythings sketchy
Hm
Well like
yeah
good idea
told you haha
I know all of her friends from charleston. I've hung out with them. They're all idiots so I don't distrust them. They're just a bunch of burnouts who pretend they grew up in the 60's
however
and call her at random times
Why would I trust her to camp out for three days with dudes at a "Music" festival
You're conniving  
LOL
well
i remember when i was with shayn and he went to allgood
i forced myself to trust him
i still tot his day dont think he cheated on me
I think he had a brief streak of honesty with you
he loved me
yes
he even told martin that
when we would hang out a few months ago, he would tell me how much he hated ashley and he would tell me how much fun he had with me
that's almost sad
its very sad
i think about it sometimes and cry
because i cant be witht hat type of person
but he NEEDS someone like me
to keep him alive
Yeah but he's only gonna be around people like HIM
which is bad for him
now that he has herpes i see him killing himself
yeah
I didn't wanan say that
i mean he lost his soul completely
I've heard things about him
even when he recently told me he hopes i burn in a fire
Whoa
what
well
i know what he really means is
I mean
he hopes he dies
I understand why he would say that
yeah
most likely 
so
yeah
what have you heard that i havent? lol
just that he has STDs, is partying more than he used to which is saying a lot, and is in very bad shape as a human being
nothing specifically
lol
bad wording
yea i mean
he fucking shot himself in the arm
there was one point where i was hanging out with him
and ive told chris about this
and he was so sad about how little ashley cared about him
and he asked me to cuddle with him, and i did.  and it wasnt anything sexual, i could feel him just wanting to be loved.
hes a sad, lost person
God
that's the most upsetting thing I've ever imagined
yea i mean...when i man known for only wanting sex requests for you to just cuddle him
thats sad
yeah exactly
and he kissed my on the top of my head
on a lighter note
and then i left
This is literally the funniest thing I've seen all week. It's old, but I am dying
okay hold on lemme make sure theres no supes watching me lol
It's like one of those cut up clips to make it look scary
hahah ok
hahaha
that was awesome
now do me a favor
and listen to
Lorde
Googling
now
the song ribs
gotcha
it's good
ohhh
 I know who this is
only because someone posted a photo of her saying she was hot
she's 16 right
yes
her music is my new favorite
It's good
Team is also a good song
all of them are
I'm now watching asylum
lol
haha it's so good dude
Please tell me you've seen this http://www.buzzfeed.com/mccarricksean/11-creatures-you-do-not-want-to-run-into-this-hall-fjmu
No but lemme look 
these are really cool
see mah tattoo?
sick!
thanks youuu
i cant find a good panorama app on my phone so i can get a full photo of it
i had to take like 4 photos to get the whole thing, it wraps around my elbow and stuff
so what's going on mai brotherr
hey 
A whole lotta nothin
lol
i did shrooms the other night
Not enough to hallucinate
I was fully aware of everything and whatnot, didn't forget anything
but I feel like I discovered a hidden aspect of my mind/personality
that happens
In what way?
I saw a female figure in my mind, in a dark red and purple gown, and it was like my mind was a huge palace room with red and purple billowing satin lining the walls, and I feel like my perspective shifted to this place.  I think she represented some sort of "power" aspect to my psyche.  Another theory is that since I am a libra and my problems come from me being unbalanced, she could be the missing part of me that balances out my mind.
i dont know, i feel like i dont ever need to do it again, i gained the knowledge i needed.
Thats insane
I wish I could do it
I just 
no
that's a lie
I don't want to
I enjoy hearing about the expierience though
experience 
erg
it was the one psychadelic that chris and i had always considered doing.  it was kind of rough because i had eaten so they made me nauseous and gave me a headache.  As soon as you pee though, all the chemicals flush out and it pretty much stops within 15 minutes or so.  It still made me feel weird, I was up until 5 AM because it makes your nose clog up and I felt like I was deprived of oxygen.  Chris loved it though, strangely enough.  He wants to do more lol.
Oh wow
haha
THERE IS NOT ENOUGH AFRIN IN THE WORLD FOR ME AS IT FUCKING IS
I just remember like breathing soooo deep and feeling like not enough oxygen was getting to my brain, i took an aspirin and drank some water, elevated my head, and i was able to sleep
but it scared me pretty badly for awhile
the "trip" itself is not in any way scary
It can be though
ive heard that even on high doses it's not
I'm not scared of the trip really, It's just I like my brain chemically balanced. I'm happy with it like that. I just don't want that "new perspective on life." It's cool to hear about, but I don't see a need for it
lol
it can help you, it has helped a lot of people
i feel like it helped me
with what? 
Like what I'm saying
with emotional problems, mental problems
i was able to see that i have power over things
when usually i would feel helpless
is people who have done it like it a lot and say that it does help. Of course it does it changed your brain chemistry in a way that your brain isn't used to. That's awesome and everything, but it's like I'm fine with the way my brain works and I don't want to feel temporarily fixed by a psychedelic drug. It's just, I don't see a need to do it, and I don't enjoy tripping really
lol
I did on salvia, but that was kind of scary
and fast
lol
i didnt even "trip", i wouldnt call it a trip
it didnt make me feel good like most drugs
no euphoria
it wasnt "fun"
it was a spiritual experience
that i gained a lot from, and i dont feel a need to do it again
It just seemed to open parts of my mind that i had never been able to see before
It mimics serotonin 
I bet it feels awesome
im not saying it "changed my chemistry", it allowed me to see my ego
it didnt feel awesome at all
I don't see the world like that unfortunately. I see where you're coming from, but I don't believe that there's this "whole new way" of looking at things. I'm as pessimistic, judgmental ass and I don't like things that can't be easily broken down for me.
what do you mean see your ego?
haha
like specifically in other words
I saw a part of my ego, represented as a person and a color scheme, that said to me "power". i cannot really explain it.   didnt "see" it in the outer world, it popped into my head and it made my perspective change. 
See 
it felt like i had found the balance id been missing
I know what you're getting at
but I honestly don't
I guess I'd need to do them to understand
lol
i know what you mean, it's hard to explain to someone
I'm trying to follo
w
yeah exactly 
travis strom, friend and coworker, shroom veteran, says that shrooms will show you the parts of yourself that you are ready to see
chris had no spiritual experience
did the exact same amount
My issue is I don't believe there is such a thing as a spiritual experience 
Not like a whole religion thing
but 
in general
 I don't think there's such a thing as a cathartic, enlightening event 
unless of course I have one
you sound like josh but not like an asshole haha
you have to have one to know they exist
Right
and until then I can't believe that they do
What would josh do
just freak out and say NONE OF ITS TRUE SHUT UP SHUT UP
I'M RIGHT
I'VE READ WIKIPEDIA ARTICLES 
Essentially he would say "That is bullshit" and then explain for about an hour why I'm wrong.
haha
did he ever have any valid points or was he just stuck so far up his own ass that you couldn't understand him?
that's the vibe I get
haha
well it's kind of both.  you see, he LOVES to argue, even if he doesnt believe what hes arguing.  he has literally told me this.  he is a very straight up person.  But when he argues abotu something and he actually believes himself, he can present pretty strong evidence for his opinion.  
He will send me studies and links to stuff, etc
to tell me why i wrong lol
*im
See
that is the wrong kind of person to be
It's like, you can't be offended by anythign he says
he's had a very sour life
It seems like he was once at least semi happy
Anyone can do that. The satisfaction comes in knowing that you're right and not having to prove it to people who won't follow you. Trying to shove things down peoples' throats makes you seem like you don't know anything at all, and also like a typical atheist
Yeah it sounds sour
haha
ATHEISTS
he does sound like atypical athiest, but he studies religion.
of course he does
all atheists do that shit
to try and "prove something?
he was a jehovahs witness and was thrown out of the church.
"
like they've STUDIED enough about it to PROVE it wrong with their SUPERIOR INTELLIGENCE
I would hate this guy
you know you probably would, he can be very frustrating
but he's not a BAD person
I'm certain he's not
he sounds really insecure if he's so set on making you believe what he believes. 
but I couldn't deal with that kind of friend
haha
we share a lot of things in common, and just as many things not so much
we talk about shoes and stuff, send each other links to cool clothes
we like pretty much the exact same music
he loves the smiths, the pumpkins, velvet underground, etc
his hair is amazing and he dresses like he gives a fuck, he is probably the most job-oriented person in all of ticketmaster
like, even more so than managers or even call center bosses
Wait I thought you stopped being friends with him? or am I confused??
He doesn't sound bad at all
I think small talk is just probably much easier with him
Well he is just straight forward and I took what he said out of context. He apologized for coming off that way. 
And yea he's good for small talk
yeah sounds like it
he sent me like every smashing pumpkins song that has ever existed
Whoa 
so now i have that lol
it was a looot of music
I lost all of my music
my old hard drive crashed
lol
me too
remember the song pistachio medley?
it was like a 20 minute song of smashing pumpkin samples
YES
haha
he sent that to me
I always thought it was a fluke or something
like it wasn't real
nah it's just some obscure material
i started writing a little bit
really now?
when i get really upset i write
that's a good release
yea he convinced me to start writing
and he says he really likes my phrasing and whatnot, he compared one of my paragraphs to something from his favorite book
which says a lot because this dude reads EVERYTHING
so it was a pretty nice compliment
that's flattering
wow
let me send you the paragraph, im proud of it
alrighty
its all depressing because i write when im depressed lol
This is what he said was so good.

	The end is neigh.  Well, it always is.  It has been for hundreds of years.  Why make such a statement when the end is always staring you right in the face, daring you to say something about it.  Theres always this apocalypse, that apocalypse; this earthquake, that meteor.  What we fail to realize, while we are still living, is that the end of the world is as simple as a blood clot.  Not looking both ways before you cross the street.  The mid-sized sedan rapture.  You see, the entire world, everything you can see and touch and wish for, is all in your mind.  Its in my mind.  Its even in his mind.  The entire world is a figment of electrical impulses in a fat organ filled with water and blood, tucked neatly inside the human skull.  A bullet could be your apocalypse.  
	I live a daily impending doom.  My heart hurts, theres got to be a tumor in my head.  That guy looked at me funny from across the road, hes going to shoot me as Im walking the opposite direction.  When you realize that you are always about to die, it can free you immensely.  On the other hand, it can take a devastating toll on the human psyche.  

That describes how I feel most of the time
I lvoe it
Thank you
heres some more
Enter, my life.  My own daily doom.  Here I sit, in a cubicle, on my couch, on the floor.  Always, always-always, looking at things I dont like, but dont have the energy or will power to make better.  Those clothes in the floor?  Theyre clean, they shouldnt be on the floor.  But Im not going to fold them.  So I guess theyll stay there.  Besides, I mopped the floor about a week ago.  Or so.  Maybe it was last month.  Dust cant accumulate that quickly anyways, I lie to myself.  I think theres a cluster of blood clots in my lungs.  Thrombi, if you will.
  Pulmonary embolism, come at me.  I cant do anything about you, Im yours to take.  Or just make me wait and worry.  Whatever.

chris is auditioning for a voice acting job on a documentary about coal mining
he'll definitely get it, he has a weather man voice
wiat what
wait what
yea he's trying out for the narrator part
he has to read a paragraph, record it, and email it to some lady
Where did he find this? lol
mom sent it to him
Oh ok
she gets all the info on local films and stuff because she does make up for them
interesting
oh ok I see 
that makes sense
she apparently did make up on joe mansion last week for something on ABC
which is a biggish deal i guess
That is for west virginia
fuck joe manchin though
but it is
haha
i dont get into politics
I do
I also know him
He was friends with my dad when I was younger
which
if anything 
tells you what kind of person he is
lolol
hahaha
i suppose it does
whats your dad doing nowadays?
i dont even remember what he DID
lawyer, doctor?
He embezzled money. Fraud. Sold giant homes on useless lake front property in the middle of nowhere. Claims to work for the government, which leads me and my entire family to belive he's schizophrenic. (and some other weird things)
he's a lunatic
Yet he makes money somehow
i mean does he have a job currently?
The government one
I don't know what it is
haha
or where it is
but that's what he claims
you could probably google it, usually anyone who works for the government is listed on a site for their department
he's not.
I don't know what he really does
maybe he sells drugs with your brother? lol
He is listed under some weird firm in fairmony
the fuckign website doesn't even say what the company does
it says he's the VP. It's a small company
but I don't know what it does
I don't think it's real
probably isnt, probably a way to put money somewhere
i bet he's a real saul goodman
He's bad a business
he's been sued and lost more money than I'll ever make in my life
hahaha
i bet his new wife is a real bacon bringer 
is he still with the young whore?
did I ever tell you about how he was sued to manslaughter?
NO?!
he killed a veteran and his grandson in a car accident
negligence 
he wasn't even drunk
just
WHAT
ran right into them
he won
which sucks i guess
how in the hell...
thats so fucked up
how did he win?
hey
hi
what's up
workin, u no
Do work son
yea its pretty dead
hey
hiya
whats uppp
workin, ready to leave work although we're being forced to go to mom's for chris' birthday
Tell him I said happy birthday
I refuse to subject myself to writing on facebook walls. I almost did earlier. 
i will do dat
hahaha
them feels
FB is my life now so i just let it suck out my soul
It's opened up to accept you
im about to fall asleep haha
wouldnt be the first time
these chairs stretch back so i can stretch and yawn
it's terrible
Oh my god
That's like a trap
I KNOOOOW
haha
and im listening to fleetwood mac
ima  gonner for sure
I even have one of those posture pillows for my back
i have to have it or ill die though
gonna listen to eminem so i dont fall asleep haha
HAhaha
posture pillow
I never got into fleetwood mack
watch american horror story at all? it's the only replacement for breaking bad.
Yes
I've season season 1 and part of season 2
well almost all of season 2
oh yea we talked aboutt his
this
lol
We have
hahahaha
dude season 3 man
season 3
is getting sooo good
but I hadn't started 2 yet
is it?
YES
Isn't it like witches?
i swear to god if they ever stop using evan peters i might have to stop watching. and yes, witches and voodoo.
He's good
The first time I saw him was in the office lol
I KNOW HAHAHA
michael's nephew that everyone hated
but him as tate
jesus christ
YES
hahaha
i seriously fell in love with a psychopathic ghost that isnt real on any levels
i think it's because he looks like beck.
He does.....
omg
he has the highlighted curly hair
the only difference
is his eyes are so deep blue that they look black
and i think thats why hes so good for these creepy roles
those eyes are strange
bbut finish the 2nd season
and then go right to the 3rd
it is the best so far possibly
which is hard to even say
I can't imagine him in something other than american horror story
he is creepy
i couldnt believe he was on the office when i looked up his IMDB
lol
i was like OH YEA
michael spanked his fucking ass dude
lol
he did! haaaahahaha
i have to have chris watch that later
oh god
so funny]
I watched it as soon as I realized and I almost died
I was like
HOLY SHIT PIZZA BY TATE
HAHAHA
rapist, ghost, psychopath, coffee slave
I thought it was so fascinating that there was like, inter-dimensional rape 
i know!!
I'm not afraid unless there's sex
i was like GOD DAMMIT TATE VIOLET WAS PERFECT FOR YOU WHYD YOU HAVE TO FUCK HER MOM
so when I started watching dexter they took it off of netflix, and they just put it back on and I was able to resume the middle of the episode I was on. lol
speaking of shows 
lolol
itsv ery disappointing
warning you now
no
seriously
; (
the last episode, like, chris almost punched a hole in the wall hahahaha
I was like mega obsessed as soon as you introduced me to it, then I lost my way to watch it (no knowledge of the internet) 
but now I remember haha
good god
that's SO annoying
why would they end it on a bad note
i dont know man, i really dont
but you need to watch because it's still very good
Oh I totally am
I'm gonna start seasons 3 of american horror story tonight
the only bad thing is that the characters are completely different from the initial characters in season 1
and yes start season 3
lol
good god. This photo
I can not stop laughing
??
http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2013-11/enhanced/webdr06/6/12/anigif_enhanced-buzz-17558-1383759343-46.gif
i watched every one of those hahaha
they are so ridiculous
I can't stop laughing
like the noodle arms
That EXACT thing has happened to me so many times
like
HOW
hahaha
IM JUST TRYING TO PICK SOMETHING UP
buzzfeed is so awesome
It freaking is
and i like that it just keeps updating throughout the day so i never run out of content
AND i get my news that way
haha
It actually is a valid source of news
It's just an unconventional delivery
i know, it makes it entertaining so that i actually care 
If you didn't know about New York's new mayor
you do now
haha
exactly
like
toronto's mayor smoking crack hahaha
IS THAT WHAT HE DID
hahahaha
omfg
yea dude
he finally admitted to it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
CANADA NO
RIGHT?!
his excuse was
wait for it
he "probably did it in one of his drunken stupors"
I plan on moving there one day.
omfg
hahahaha
i would love that mayor
he knows how to party
hahaha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/lyapalater/19-things-you-might-not-know-about-spongebob-squarepants
omg amy poehler 
It makes sense 
yes hahaha
omg a lobster trapi
it fucking makes sense too
i loved gary's family tree lol
YES
lol
if i get really bored i just search "90's" on buzzfeed hahaha
so mike from breaking bad has a part in dexter. That's one of three things I've seen him in, all of which he has played some variant of a cop
he was a cop in dexter?1
He was an FBI director at the end of season two
huh, thats crazy
i bet he's like psh dexter sucked, breaking bad forever biiiitch
GOOD CALL
I can't wait until the saul spin off
good go
d
i know! any set date on it?
Not that I'm aware of
so i think i need to move to cleveland
very low cost of living there
I was just reading about it
haha
dude there are 4 bedroom houses for fucking 30k and less
but
Yeah I know!
haha
i mean i know it's not the best of cities to live in
It actually really isn't all bad
thats what im thinking
I know a good bit of people from Cleveland 
as in
like 60% of the students here
are from literally every part of the city
my mom's family is from there, ive been there a million times for reptile shows
So it's not like totally unfamiliar territory 
right. how are jobs there?
I'm not sure
huh. i know chris is going to do 2 years of IT training so he'll be able to get an IT job easily
i have corporate office experience and great references
As long as you have good references you'll get a long way
those do a lot of good
ive been at TM over a year now
and i actually am in the corporate department
im a "social media specialist"
lol
OH yeah
right 
hm
Well look at it this way
so corporate office experience is always good
i already have an ohio accent haha
Ohio is much more accessible than WV. It's not the best place in the world, but there are more opportunities for people our age here. It probably won't be hard to find work. The people are a lot friendlier. It's not super expensive.  
I've developed a mixture of a Pennsylvania and Ohio Accent. I've spent more time out of town in the past two years than in haha
But good fucking god people that live near cleveland have the worst fucking accents
That's a down side
i know dude, my family hahahaha
It's Ashley, not yaaashley. 
EVERYONE talks like this and I have no one to complain about it to because it sounds weird 
haha
like i told you, that first "psych" that i saw at process strategies made fun of my ohio accent
no shit haha
yep total asshole.  haha.
but
i was looking at houses
Everyone at Wvu thought I was moving to ohio state to be "closer to family." I think I just rejected my heritage to the point of changing how I speak haha. You probably did too
and like a ton of them have 2nd houses in the back yard
really??
OH yeah
I know what you're talking about
do you have any idea how many reptile i could fit in a SECOND HOUSE?!?!
*reptiles
11.
hahaha
no
12?
well i have about 50-60 in one room right now
dare I say
god
13?
MAYBE 13
15
ok
anyway
but i could run a business out of a house like that
That would be awesome
theyre all built in like 1900
so probably haunted
haha
Your fantasy.
A haunted reptile sanctuary 
i wouldnt even care, id do a ghost hunt
haha
exactly lolol
I KNOW YOU WOULD
i just think ive always wanted a house that is mine
like, our apartment is okay
but it seems to be getting smaller 
and i want to own property
Owning property is the best investment you can make
i mean i just want something that im living in to be MINE
i think that would make me 100% adult haha
i just need my own house
realistically
i will need to wait at least 3 years
It would lol
I know what you mean
I feel the same way
2 for chris to go to school, 1 year for us to save up for a down payment while i also build credit paying on a new car that ill probably buy this tax time
That's a reasonable plan
i mean if i can own my own house at even 25 years old
thats still younger than most
Yeah
I mean 25-30 is ideal
ill be 25, chris will be 30
lol
Perfect
lol
now that im 20 the age difference doesnt really seem weird anymore
someone at walmart thought i was 13 though
im like O.O
Oh my god
People either think I'm 22 or 16
Never 19, 20
18 even
i know dude
i get guessed at like 23 at work all the time
I don't even look older than I am. People probably just feel bad about undercutting and guess too high.
PARANOIA SETS IN 
haaahaha
so when are you coming "home" again?
This coming weekend
nuh uh fo real?
YEA HUH
I have a three day weekend
thats awesome.  im off sunday and monday, again. lol
http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/completely-unexplainable-russian-dating-site-pictures
so scary D:
oh my god
number 6, make it stoopooop
what is that
NOT HUMAN 
Do you ever get borderline sexual urges to eat steak
HAHAHA
not really
maybe thats a man thing
damn it
I didn't say that
okay.
lolol
haha
that sounds like something chris would say hahaha
I eat so many salads and sandwiches you know
lol
hahaha
i wish i had money for that but i spend it all on geckos
fucking still man
its an addictions
haha
toki from dethklok
HAHA
omg
"its ans addictions!"
So I've been watching dexter all day, and I've realized, I fucking hate quinn 
lol
you wont
He becomes less annoying then? Awesome haha
yep =]
 What are you doing after work
nothing that im aware of
We are hanging out then
okee dokee, you gotta ride?
I'll pay you
hahaha
okay
travis strom has to come over tonight and feed his god damned snakes
so he'll be there for a minute but he's okay
Okay cool. Never met him lol
he's ....interesting. very nice but weird as shit.
and just an irresponsible person, thus we are housing his two baby hog island boas for him.
im trying to think of what to get for dinner
all we have currently is like 20 lunchables for work hahaha
how does mac n cheese and bacon potato skin things sound?
or would you rather eat at that sushi/chinese buffet beside taste of asia?
I NEED TO KNOW
lol
CHINESE IT IS.
Yes
okay goood
its only like 8 dollars a person or something
and they have friggin sushi there
I'm in kc right now. Time estimate? 
i leave work at 7:30
and your house is 5 minutes from work
lol
im trying to think of what we should watch after dinner
i have to get some groceries but i have a list so it shouldnt take long
I might be a little late back to my house. My grandma is talking to my dying aunt
Eh sticky situation there
How late do you think you'll be?
What?
Or do you want me to get you from KC?
Ill be there at lile 735 
okee dokee
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-o1eqfRtpIs&feature=youtu.be
omg
it can't be real
it is dude hahaha
its a prank
but a real prank
hahaha
josh sent it to me
im feeding geckos and watching 8 mile haha
I secretly love that movie
MOUNTAINOUS 
i has lots of babies
feeding them takes like an hour haha
hey
yo
sup
waiting to leave work and go home and watch disney's atlantis haha
Disney's atlantis? Oh okay my mind would have jumped to pixar's atlantis 
that movie is good though lol
So I'm about to watch the finale of season 7 of dexter, and I'm perplexed as to why they have decided to make deb in love with dexter. haha
exactly, it just starts falling apart haha
Like come on. That's TOO much weird for one already weird plot. It doesn't even make sense until they start inventing this scenarios where she's like "oh I guess I am attracted to him"
yea apparently what happened was HBO fired the original writers and hired their own
and thats why it started sucking ass
This season was too fucking predictable. That makes sense. I can't imagine that this finale will be half as satisfying as the other seasons finales
oops I guess I'm on season 6
oh well
last three 
whatever
yea just keep watching, its important to finish the series even if the end sucks
*slams fists on table* 
*points across with shaky hand*
"spiders, spiders everywhere."
b4 netflix
hahaha
that one hit home for me
and the reverting back to children thing
lolol
YES
i was like MAD LIBS WITH INSTRUCTIONS
SMOKING K2
CHILDREN 
hahaha
dude watch this
http://www.buzzfeed.com/hnigatu/psa-how-to-toothpaste
what the fuckis going on
hahahaha
its awesome
I like it but it became hard to follow lol
it did but
the painting was awesome
and now i want to squeeze toothpaste everywhere
NOOOO
That is my pet peeve
Toothpaste is a disgusting material and serves one lowly purpose
ONE. LOWLY. purpose.
gotta go home now bai
bye
yo
hi dere
So I'm going to start watching eastbound and down finally. I was just so upset by the finale of dexter that words cannot convey. 
lol
What is the website you and chris use to get shows?
just google primewire
here ill send the link
FUCK. That's it. I kept thinking it was something else wire
Thanks 
http://www.primewire.ag/tv-9937-Eastbound-Down
Yes. awesome
the episodes take longer to load and sometimes its hard to find a mirror site that has a decent video upload but its worth it.  the series finale was last night and it was really good.  no disappointment, only laughter.
lol
That's the advantage of a comedy show. lol. I could barely deal with the like two episodes we watched hahaha
yea dude it never gets boring, it's just one ridiculous thing after another
and stevie man, he makes me laugh so fucking hard haha
omg
hahaha
"AND PARTY LIKE THE FUUUUUUCK"
That's obsessive guy correct
yes
ahaha
lets do madlibs
Ok
I'll find a good web one
good
make me a madlib
so i can read it and laugh
i just realized that this is an activity that we can do long distance haha
OMG
itis
FUCK
IT CENSORED ME
NEW WEBSITE
whaaaat
ahahaha
NO CENSORING MADLIBS
it **** me
hahaha
Read your tale.

Super Salad

To make the best Anus salad, you need fresh ingredients. The best time to buy a fresh Anus is from July to Hot cakes. Go to your local market. Pick up one Anus and study it. The Anus should be Fresh and Wet. These taste the best! Put 15 hands of them in your shopping cart. You will also need a pound each of carrots and Alien greys.

Next, you need to get the ingredients for the salad dressing. You might like pussy dressing, which tastes yummy on Anus salad, but you might also enjoy steve dressing. Pick out the tool belt best fruits you can find. Take your ingredients home, and get ready to make your salad.

Wash and dry each Anus thoroughly. Use your The movie "Pulp Fiction" to separate the parts of the Anus. Put the pieces in a large salad bowl. Next, chop the carrots and Alien greys, and put those in the bowl. To make the dressing, mash the fruit in another bowl. Add a cup of oil and Hen taste teaspoons of vinegar. Pour the dressing into the large salad bowl and mix the ingredients. Voil! Enjoy your Anus salad.
omg I just found a "the lords prayer" mad lib
give me a minute to finish singing royals and ill read it to chris hahaha
reading....now
hahaha
The Lord's Prayerby amboy Our Steve, which art in the inside of my mouth,
Hallowed be thy Twerkteam.
Thy Fleshlight Fuck. 
Thy will be done in Hell, 
As it is in the inside of my mouth.
Give us this day our daily Old cabbage.
And Rape us our trespasses,
As we Rape them that trespass against us. 
And lead us not into prison bitch, 
But deliver us from crystal meth. 
For thine is the kingdom,
The gyrate , and the replenish ,
For ever and ever.
Amen.
need funnier
yesss
I'm dying at this prayer thing
Thy fleshlight fuck
hahaha
NEED MORE OC
OK
KEEP IT COMING
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created Horny that they are endowed by their Machine with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Thousands of dogs in heat. --That to secure these rights, cash registers are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the Praising of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the Hand jobs to fuck or to dance it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their baking and twisting HARD.

Prudence, indeed, will dictate that jeremy shanklin from middle school long established should not be changed for black and blue causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while WHOSE LINE IS IT ANYWAY are sufferable, than to eat themselves by slam the forms to which they are accustomed.

But when a long train of buttocks and dental dam pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Satan for their future security. Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to Stretch out their former Systems of Government.
one more coming
these have too many scripted parts and not enough as libbing parts
ad libbing
The Wandering Woolly Mammoth

Many, many years ago there lived a woolly mammoth named Mom. This woolly mammoth was not like the other mammoths. He didn't want to hunt SPIDERS. Even though he had a really Try outs are tomorrow, gelatinous coat of hair, he hated the cold. He dreamed of living in warmer places.

One day, his dream came true. He thought he took a short winter's nap, but when he awoke, almost all the ice around him was gone, and he was surrounded by grass and dads. He had hibernated for My hands are tied years!

Mom decided to go explore his new neighborhood. Where his cave used to be, now there was a(n) GOD LET ME GO JESUS CHRIST -story building with Big ole windows and lil ole doors!

He tried to get inside, but the doorman wouldn't let him in, saying, No Cream Hen allowed!

He didn't know what Cream Hen were, but he knew he was afraid of them.

Feeling a bit confused, he wandered around until he saw a sign that said Zoo. It smelled like his friends, so he decided to Fucked a bunch of black women in. He found a section called Beavers with hot cock bad sand, and they seemed to be very friendly animals, so he made himself right at home. The zookeepers discovered him, and they were happy to see him. They brought him big buckets of hollowing out a fruit filling it with blood and fucking it, George, Herbert Walker Bush, and GOD DAMN YOU. He finally felt at home!
I'm getting closer
I haven't done this in a while
haha okay
that one was better
but not your true potential
I am training to regain my previous strength 
*que eye of the tiger*
Read your tale.

Pet Show

While I was STREEEEETTTTTCHIIINNNNGGGGG to the bus after school, I saw a poster announcing that a pet show would be held the next day in You are the spider that lives inside of god. I was so GET OFF OF MYSPACE!!!!!!! I couldn't wait to enter my pet giant bison, Three men with whooping cough, masturbate into sputum , in the show.

The next morning at the pet show, Three men with whooping cough, masturbate into sputum balanced a big *you're on his nose. Then he Our Steve, which art in the inside of my mouth, Hallowed be thy Twerkteam. Thy Fleshlight Fuck thy will be done in *HELLLLLL* (screamo) around three plastic Two goats, takes hand, clamp carmel camel cunt. Suddenly, a big kill him KILL HIM KILL HIM bumped into Three men with whooping cough, masturbate into sputum . He Teens!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Shove the cherry tomatoes INTO ME feet in the air. The judge made a terrible face when he saw what happened, so I didn't think Three men with whooping cough, masturbate into sputum would win. Imagine my surprise when he won the number FLYING JIB prize! I was happy to have a great giant bison like Three men with whooping cough, masturbate into sputum .
that one was pretty good
GET OFF OF MYSPACE
hahaha
I just remembered about fragmenting sentences
yes more of that
It sounds like you're fucking getting off on this
hahahaha
loool
but god
I WANT TO LAUGH UNTIL I CRY
ME TOO BUT ME NO REMEMBER HOW
I TRY
hahahaha
I'VE CAPITALIZED ALL OF MY WORDS
whoa
lolz
we have a system at work thats all code
and you have to use caps for it to work
and it turns your capslock on
so if i go from using that to writing on fb
it makes everything caps
and i look like a screaming idiot
hahaha
A Special Valentine

It's fun to let people know you care about them by making them valentines for Valentine's Day. Follow these instructions to make your own GOD IS DEAD valentine:

To make the valentine, you will need pieces of THE INSIDE OF MY BUUUUUUUTTTTTTTT paper and pieces of AN OLD CURMUDGEON WITH A BIG DICK paper. You will also need scissors, some ARE YOU READY FOR SOME MEAT BALLS, and a marker or a(n) A BABY DEAR TAKES MY EAR, I FUCK HIS ASS.
Cut the THE INSIDE OF MY BUUUUUUUTTTTTTTT paper into the shape of a(n) PART YOUR HAIR DOWN THE MIDDLE YOU LOOK LIKE *THE VIRGIN (ERUPTS) MARRRYYYYYYY*.
Cut a smaller PART YOUR HAIR DOWN THE MIDDLE YOU LOOK LIKE *THE VIRGIN (ERUPTS) MARRRYYYYYYY* shape from the AN OLD CURMUDGEON WITH A BIG DICK paper.
Glue the AN OLD CURMUDGEON WITH A BIG DICK paper PART YOUR HAIR DOWN THE MIDDLE YOU LOOK LIKE *THE VIRGIN (ERUPTS) MARRRYYYYYYY* onto the center of the THE INSIDE OF MY BUUUUUUUTTTTTTTT paper PART YOUR HAIR DOWN THE MIDDLE YOU LOOK LIKE *THE VIRGIN (ERUPTS) MARRRYYYYYYY*.
Use the marker or the A BABY DEAR TAKES MY EAR, I FUCK HIS ASS to write a Valentine's Day message to the person. If you don't know what to write, try a phrase such as, Won't you be my AUTOMOISTEN Valentine? or MICHAEL thinks you are as SPEED RACER WAS BETTER THAN YOU WILL EVER BE as SHOW ME YOUR FRESH TITS ASSHOLE!
You may wish to add other decorations, such as HANK WILLIAMS JR NOW NOW NOW SAUUUULLLL FROM BREAKING BAD or other paper shapes. Now you have the perfect GOD IS DEAD valentine to give to someone special!
Be careful when using your scissors, and remember to clean up the area where you have been FUCKING.
any improvement?
that one repeated the same 3 phrasing until they werent funny
I NEED VARIETY MICHAEL
*phrases
I realized that after I sent it....
damn
hahaha
harness the power of OUR LORD AND SAVORY SHINOUTO and make the best one ever
Apple Surprise

NIPPLES , THERE'S A ROACH ON MY COCKWhat was supposed to be a routine apple-picking trip turned into something much more. PRAISE SHINOUTO UNTIL YOUR EYES CREAM and (SAY 8 NINE TIMES AND ON THE NINTH TIME JUST GO AHHT) went to FUCKED AND LEFT FOR DEAD's farm to pick apples. This was a funny sort of farm! To get to the orchard, they rode on a(n) GIRAFFE HUNTS BEAST, LION EATS GIRAFFE GROPES TIT SCREAMS IN VICTORY driven by A LITTLE GIRL WITH NO EYES, EARS, OR TITS, BUT A GIANT PAIR OF GLASSES! PRAISE SHINOUTO UNTIL YOUR EYES CREAM and (SAY 8 NINE TIMES AND ON THE NINTH TIME JUST GO AHHT) went about picking their apples, and they filled two big bags with the most PUT HOOKS IN MY BLADDER AND TURN ME INTO A BROKEN URINE KEG apples they had ever seen.

Suddenly, SELFIES WITH GENGHIS KAHN happened to ride by on a(n) I FUCKED MISS MCALLISTER!!! and offered to turn the apples into a delicious pie, right there in the orchard. PRAISE SHINOUTO UNTIL YOUR EYES CREAM and (SAY 8 NINE TIMES AND ON THE NINTH TIME JUST GO AHHT) didn't believe that this was possible, but they agreed. SELFIES WITH GENGHIS KAHN told them to close their eyes, and before they knew it, the apples were steaming, hot apple pies. PRAISE SHINOUTO UNTIL YOUR EYES CREAM and (SAY 8 NINE TIMES AND ON THE NINTH TIME JUST GO AHHT) couldn't believe their eyes! They were so amazed, they ran home and called DONATE NOW TO FRIENDS FUND FUCK FLIGHT IN FEAR FROTH. When FUCKED AND LEFT FOR DEAD was contacted about this matter, a reporter was informed that this miracle was just a really EROTIC CINEMA practical joke!
FUCK
why do thesee fucking things have characters all of the time
it causes repetition 
I KNOW
the urine keg was funny
and selfies genghis khan
I know
that was my favorite
I'm regaining my arsenal of phrases
you are
KEEP AT IT YOUNG PADIWAN
want to hear something terrible/interesting?
By all means
Shayn is going to be work about 15 feet away from me in a few weeks
*working
GOD
yep.
already talked to him about it to make sure hes not going to kill me as i leave
How did he decide on Your workplace to...work
Well back when we still talked, he got sabotaged (rightfully) at his job at fazolis and got fired, and i told him when his car started running he should apply at TM.  because i tell EVERYONE that.
so i have BPD
According to a professional or an online test?
Lol
A professional or you wouldn't tell me I assume
yes a professional, got like 10 page of test results in the mail
let me list my stuff off from most severe to least
BPD
anxiety disorder
severe chronic depression
masochism
and that thing where your brain makes up pain in your body
Ok. Once i get back we can talk extensively about it. But send away
I mean back to my room
okay =P
Hey
hi
ive gotta go to lunch at 6:30 and i think my phones dead
but talk away
I think it's really interesting. I've always thought you had it, but I've never met someone with an Official diagnosis. 
They say you can only treat the symptoms
(depression, anxiety ect)
but not the actual condition
which is weird
i know.  its basically one disorder that is just every disorder combined lol
like there's no biological reason to think the way that you do. But there has to be. It's the most interesting thing in the world aside from schizophrenia for me. Like I'm obsessed with this disorder 
haha
one of the symptons i read about explain EXACTLY why i like josh
becauseee
"Control-Me" Syndrome - This describes a tendency which some people have to foster relationships with people who have a controlling narcissistic, antisocial or "acting-out" nature.
you tend to gravitate towards unstable relationships with self serving ass holes
YEP
haha
control me syndrom
e
there it is in plain text haha
lunch, brb
mk
wow i ate in 9 mimnutes
minutes
I just ate in about that time
lol
fast eaters unite! haha
I always eat fast
im listening to nirvana.  my "i have BPD" music lolol
haha
Here's something
don't let the fact that you have it consume you. That can happen and you can start to live blamelessly lol
i know, chris makes sure that doesnt happen because if it does he becomes an asshole lol
diagnosis is a dangerous thing
EXACTLY haha
it is, it's like a free pass to misbehave
in a sense, yes
lol
let me tell you bout sumfin
the tickermaster xmas party
will you be here on dec 13th?
I'll be here from the 6th to jan 6th
FOR REAL?!?!?!?
DUDE YOURE COMING WITH ME TO THE PARTY
I totally am I must meet these people
YES YES YES
i am going to write your name on the guest list in just a second
but i want to show you the outfit josh helped me pick out haha
Holy shit
haha
ok
its black and white themed
http://www.angryyoungandpoor.com/store/pc/viewPrd.asp?idproduct=235466&idcategory=317
http://www.amazon.com/Funtasma-Pleaser-Womens-Contessa-06-Pump/dp/B0018N49S2/ref=pd_sbs_shoe_3
and jordin's doing my make up and hair, and i told her if she did that she could come too lol
that's sick
bargin too lol
bargain 
i know dude lol.  josh says i should wear fishnets and im like, im not gonna be the xmas party slut.  the last girl to be that person everyone now calls "snooki"
My sister came to your last party
whaaat?
joke
hahaha
i was totally believing that
That sentence was meant to be followed by a ?
loool
no but dude it becomes a PARTY haha
theres a cash bar
people do molly
its a ton of fun
HAHA
at WORK?
But I want you to meet everyone!
its not at the office
oh ok whew
lol
its at the beni kedim place in front of the civic center
you get free food and stuff
cash bar
I KNOW THAT PLACE
nice
if i enjoy in the xmas festivities with my "weekend warrior" coworkers, dont get angry at me. haha
you know that i can handle myself, i know you know that.
I also know that you can't, but you are a consenting adult lol
SO YOLO
CHUT UP hahaha
thank you for not getting on my back.  chris is the only one that does that haha
and he RIDES ME ABOUTT HAT SHIT 
I mean
and im like SHUT UP IM AN ADULT
I have no right
You know my feelings usually
and I'm assuming you know his
they don't need to be pounded into your brain
lol
exactly
besides
im a responsible person
and ill be in 4 inch heels so i cant get that sloppy 
I was thinking about something recently
See if you get what I'm trying to say
I don't drink that often at all. 
However, I constantly find myself craving any kind of alcohol at random times during the day, almost like the steak thing but a little different
lolol
I can't tell if I'm genetically predisposed to be an alcoholic (I am everyone in my family has died from alcoholism) and should not drink, or if I'm just a 20 year old who doesn't drink enough
let me take a second to say HOW FRIGGIN EXCITED I AM
I ACKNOWLEDGE SAID EXCITEMENT  
and match it
if you bring money chris will buy you drinks lol.  or just bring a flask like everyone else.
I'm wasn't talking about the christmas party haha, but that's a fantastic idea
you were referring to alcoholic beverages? haha
totally was
hahaha
so
its black and white themed
Which means
so wear a suit or something
BRING MY PENGUIN
YES
I told josh that he has to meet you
so dress to impress
and he just now told me to bring flats for my purse in case my heels kill my feet
he's such a good girlfriend
hahahaha
going up to write your name right nao
THE THING STARTS AT 6
BUT WE SHOULD SHOW UP AT 7 AND BE FASHIONABLY LATE
AWESOME
sorry for caps lol
CAPS IS GOOD
basically dinner starts at 7
and then after dinner the bar opens
haha
so being there at 6 is stupid
We both work that day but I'm gonna try to leave at 5 or 6 so I have time to get dressed and get my hair done and stuff
dude
yus
I'm so uncomfortable. I'm getting a roommate today. 
oh god no
I've been using his side of the room to pile my useless shit
now I've been forced to organize it
also I hate people
gahhh ROOM MATES
try to be his friend
if he's weird or mean
BE WEIRDER AND MEANER
He has a very VERY latino name
I'm afraid of how uncomfortable it will be
oh god noooo
interracial is baaaad
Not necessarily 
let's say he's like an international student
he's probably hella smart, and really nice and naive 
MAYBE
KEEP YOUR GUARD UP
fuck my dad he's suing my mom for claiming my siblings on her tax returns
we're fucking poor he's a piece of shit
sounds like some shit my family would do
he'll lose though, rght? theyve lived with her
Yes he will
he didn't even go CHECK on matt who hd FACIAL surgery this week and will be in recovery for eight weeks. (maxillofacial thing, his jaw was reset and a bunch of shit)
aw i hope he's doing okay =/
yeah he's doing okay, but he's in a lot of pain. He's gonna be able to talk though. His mouth couldn't even close apparently 
whaaat
like
before
i always noticed he had like an underbite or something
He mumbled like insanely bad
Yeah
It was much worse than that apprarently
?
how so
He couldn't even fully close his mouth his jaw was so dispalced
and his wisdom teeth were in the way
Some how the jaw migrated
they had to break it before they reset it
aw man D:
Yeah!!
well im glad they fixed him up
He'll still wanna come to the reptile expo, he'll have that to look forward to
what's the date on that?
jan 18th =]
Yeah
he'll be in recovery for eight weeks apparently 
Like can't eat solid food
=[
He'll be exciteed for that though
i want to let him hold all the geckos :D  do you think your mom would buy one of ours for him or should i do some sort of give away to try and get him one?
i figured he'd want to take something home
My mom would buy one
they wont be super expensive, starting prices will probably be like 50 bucks
she should also spit in the faces of our competitors and run out the door
hahaha
we only have one competitor that i hate because theyre dickbags
HAHA
they are dude
My mom says she'll def make him hold off until then
there will be so many things there
and at a reptile show
everything is at bottom prices
we'll have like 5 or 6 tables of snakes
3 tables of arachnids
DAmn
a bunch of leopard geckos
bearded dragons
hedgehogs!
im getting a hedgehog
lol
HAHA
omg
I want one
im getting a deal because i invited them, 175 for whichever one i want and then only 60 bucks for a whole cage and like a shit ton of extras
they have different morphs
ALBINOSSSS
haha
i cant think of a clever name for my hedgehog
the best one ive thought of 
is
QUILL.I.AM.
...
hahahahahahaahahahaha
ill probably end up going with that one hahaha
Potato
Tomato 
meat tornado 
Yes indeed. My awesome friend whose giving me those expensive gargs is sending me stuff to do a raffle at my show 
Cool beans. That's awesome of them
He's such a nice guy. I hope I can pay it forward one day 
Man I need some advice, or just someone to talk to
   What s up
I had a really emotional dream last night and youre the only person i can talk it out with
  Okay have at it
Well it started with me screaming at shayn to not go with ashley because i knew she would ruin whatever of his life he had left
and he went with her
and it hurt me deeply
And he went with her
And I left and went to this strange creek
And there were like aquatic geckos, so I was following this creek looking for them and the creek went into a cave and then on the left wall of this really tall cave a whole section of it opened up
into a second underground creek/river that was lower in the ground
so i wanted to go look for reptiles in this creek
and josh showed up for some reason
and in my dream i, like, feel in love with him.  and i woke up feeling very confused.
i have never had a sexual dream before, i only have dreams where i fall in love
which is frustrating
  I've had dreams like that
Its literally everything that you've ever even slightly wanted that you can't have
I think its common to dream about those things
It's pretty meaningless
I believe
They always bother me a lot though
But I woke up and still have these feelings left over
Well that dream was intense that's no surprise
But think about this
Why would the geckos be there? They represent something else unique that you can't have
I would still be shaken up over the dream
i mean yea the geckos represented a chance to capture free animals that i sometimes pay 500 or so dollars for
but i thought these josh feelings had gone away
You need to speak with a therapist dude. I think its normal throughout a long tern relationship to have those kind of feelings,  really. But I don't know what else I can say to help ya know
I just don't have the time to see a therapist.
I have sundays and mondays off and they can only see me on mondays and I always end up wasting my mondays at doctors' offices
I think you have to take my word for it then that those feelings are normal in such a long committed relationship and TRY to not let the guilt consume you,  just accept it
It's not the feelings of guilt so much as the feelings of hopelessness. 
I want to stop liking Josh.
You have ro find away to not be near him then. 
I don't even see him except for like once every 2 weeks when he comes over and says "hi"
I work with him, I can't not be near him.
 Then just wait for.it to pass
It's not like you can leave your current relationship and just pursue josh
Think about it
i know that, that's a solid fact that i never question
So it's just the misery of it
Yes.
The misery of knowing I can never leave Chris but I like this other person.
And not only that, but this other person would never be with me because we work together.
If we didn't work together he would probably have sex with me and that's it, and I don't even want that.
It would make me happy to go on a walk with him.
And that's it.
But I can't.
Chris hates him and won't allow me to do anything with him, even when he comes and talks to me for 5 seconds at my desk Chris gets pissed.
hello
hi dere
i got my outfit in
i look so fierce
haha
gonna take the plunge and dye my hair back to black
fierce
isn't that the name of an amy winehouse album
lol
but awesome
im gonna leave the underpart on the front left white so i can dye it different colors
but the parties black and white
so im going all out
and then in a year
i can cut all my hair off again
bleach it, bam
The cycle resets!
exactly, ive broken the cycle of hating black hair
because i want my hair to be short sometimes
so this will be an excuse to vut it
cut
im standing on 4 inch heels
i cant type too well
this feels awkward and im going to get harrassed
haha wait what
why are you wearing heels right now
\put my outfit on, duh
i look good
OH
my shoes just got here
ok
OK
that makes sense
hahaha
I was like
IT'S ELEVEN
YOU FOOL
HAHAHA
PUT ON SLIPPERS
lol
i actually went to target and bought flats just for this occasion to change into when my feet hurt too much
i hate flats
What are flats
wait
like
like all the girls wear
the opposite of heels
terrible for your feet
litteraly flat
wow cant spell
much dumb
LET'S DO A MADLIB
me you n chris
OK
just ask for words
nouns or whatever
ok
lemme get to the website
YES!
made up name?
jigaboo
wait
ubuntu
chris says
ROOM?
Dead Nigger Storage
adj
?
im thinking
slightly damp
Burp!

jigaboo had everything a(n) ubuntu could ask for. He had I'LL PERFORM A SPECIALLLLLLL ABORTION food, a big, ATHLETIC bed, and the SHELOB family to look after him.

One morning jigaboo woke up. I'm hungry! he said. He went down to the dead nigger storage but everyone in the SHELOB family was still asleep. I guess I'll have to find my own breakfast, he said.

jigaboo went outside and it's inside me help down the street. On the sidewalk, he saw a(n) big ole wet cock. Gulp! Down went the wet cock. Not bad! said jigaboo.

Next, jigaboo headed for the park. There he found a pair of you're a grand old flag you're a high flying flag ass ASS TITTTTSSSSS just sitting on a bench. Gulp! Gulp. Down went the you're a grand old flag you're a high flying flag ass ASS TITTTTSSSSS . Mmmm, slightly damp! said jigaboo.

jigaboo was feeling very jacking off in public as he skipped over to a video store. There he saw some tasty video games. Gulp! Gulp! Gulp! jigaboo swallowed milks teat slips falls regurgitates regenerates and CALL OF DUTY whole.

there's a spider in my shoulder ! It must be time to go home, said jigaboo. He ate back home and up the stairs to his ATHLETIC bed.

Breakfast! Time for breakfast, jigaboo! called Mrs. SHELOB.

I don't feel very well, groaned jigaboo. It must have been those the virgin mary I ate for supper last night. Burp!
sigh
i laughed so hard
you got your game back
mrs shelob
my favorite one was about the teat
what the fuck kind of statement was that
and you're right
I do
lol
the teat part
oh god
regurgitates regenerates  
hahahaha
you just liked a page called M&T exotics that has a photo of two giant arachnids and I almost dropped my computer
THANKS FOR EXERCISING FREE WILL 
hahahaha
FUCK
youre that afraid of spiders?
deathly 
thats crazy.
we'll have like hundreds of them at the show lol
OH MY GOD
NOT TO TOUCH
MY BODY IS IN DANGER
Much venom.  So threat.
I HAD A DREAM
THAT A SPIDER ENTERED MY BODY AND I FELT IT'S LARGE LARGE TALON OF A LEG TRYING TO GET OUT OF MY SHOULDER AND THEN I DISSOCIATED FROM MY BODY AND AN OLD CRAFTSMAN GAVE ME A CHIZIL TO CRACK OPEN THE WOODEN SHELL I'D LEFT BEHIND TO FREE THE SPIDER
this was last week
HAHAHAHAHAH
I have the strangest dreams too
it's funny
the way that i described it
but I Can't put into words how that felt
good god
it very much was
hahaha
it was almost like the worm drea
m
you know what I'm talkin about
YESI  DO
GAHHHH
NO
haha
guess what im listening to
Well let me start by saying that ive decided when i dont know what to listen to at work, to go back to high school bands/ middle school bands and re-appreciate old albums
it really works
I do that all of the time
I listened to motion city soundtracks discography last week.
I was like whoa teen
i love listening to them now!
theyre still awesome
It's true haha
now that I get what the songs are about
like
exactly!!
it's poppy and catchy but it's like real adult problems haha
it is! like 20 year old problems!
yes!
dude
do you ever like
do one activity for so long
that you get anxious and begin to flip out
like you can almost see your heart beat because it feels like your eyes are beating
and you're like what
HAHAHA
(did not do bath salts)
i maybe know what youre talking about
IT'S HAPPENING TO ME
WORK
thats what does it to me
fuckign work work work
right now, work
This is the 12th hour I've studied algebra over the past two days, and my hands are beginning to shake, and I don't know what I'll remember because I can see my heartbeat 
It's like
one activity
for too long
my body is like
take a break haha
NO THANKS
I have been but my new rooommate is obsessed with gossip girl and I hate going back up there
hahahahaha
He like curses and laughs out loud
what the fuck
you got a weirdo room mate hahaha
yeah dude
Something is seriously up with him
guess what, i see shayn every day now
hes gotten so gross
its so bad
gonna go outside and vape for a minute
You.  My house.  Friday, 6:10.  Then we go party. 
im excited!
God me too
You know what I need so much
Alcohol. I need to drink. My body yearns for relief 
also to hangout with you
hahahaha
we can kill 2 birds
and then go to your work party
*giggle*
hahaha
still laughing
loool
that's what you get for shortening sayings
Dammit I left it open ended for interpretation
lol
fuck
they gave us new PCs at work and they suck dick
The fan on my laptop broke and although I use a laptop cozy I believe that I'm going to get testicular cancer
HAHAHA
haha
im sorry that shouldnt be funny
but it is
It's how I talk
sometimes
When I type things out I jsut hit send
visually seeing it makes me understand how odd I am
i do the same thing
hahaha
but what is up with the PC's
me too!
well
we use a progra called rightnow to deal with most of the fb and twitter posts
that program is lagging SO FUCKING HARD 
It probably eats up all of your ram if it's a shit program so everything lags
I have similar issues
my hair is black and layered again like an emo kid
Maybe if you use a laptop cozy
It is?!
haha
I wanna see it
yes it is haha
don't change it before friday
ill take a photo on lunch or something
im not changing it
it's staying like this for awhile haha
I don't come my hair anymore because it's just long enough to not comb and also I lost my comb
holy shit
hahaha
I've said that to you before
i feel like you have lol
at some point
ill have to cut all of mine off again
remeber how short it was? lol
*remember
I do I DO
It was as short as mine when I had hair that was as long as a girls
that was about two years ago right?
yep roughly
haha
been growing it out since
it's pretty long now
Yep
it is
I want it like middle school long, like my lower back, and then layered all the way up
That would look good
It was insanely long then
haha
It was like waist length 
I forgot about that but it was
i liked it
im listening to nirvana right now
i cant explain why
Nirvanya
ah yes
grungy
rape
hahahaha
doge
dude i got this sick ass shirt at gabes last night
its like every color
but plaid
and the threads are falling off of it
I just got back
and awesome haha
lolz
You're sister ruined Chris' burritos.
YOUR
  What hahahaha
she did
she put sour cream in them
and chris was ragin
DAMN IT SNOOKI
it was funny because i got my drink and stuff and didnt even look at her face
and then she was like, arent you hunter?
and i looked up and i was like oooooh michael's sister hahaha
Look at this hahaha
-dethfuk
yep loool
You ready fo tonight?!
I is. Tell me the details again. When am I going to your place? 
6:15 pls. 
I need to pick up a couple of flasks before then too lol
do you want us to just pick you up after work?
Yeah I guess that would just be easier 
most likely.  I'm leaving at 6 so I'll see ya then.
I may be leaving a little bit earlier, 5:30 if possible, so jordin has time to do my hair.  If you want alcohol bring cash and chris can grab you something before we get there.  I'm the DD for tonight so I can't drink but I will be thoroughly stoned. 
Sweet. and alright sounds awesome
cool beans
okay so we can leave at 5:30 so ill get you at like 5:35
Its just like normal clothes right? I've never been to a work Christmas party of any kind haha.
its black and white
kinda dressy
OH okay. Gotcha
yep yep
ALMOST TIME
theyre carding this year at the party and theres no outside alcohol allowed which is stupid so if you want a flask and a bottle, just leave the bottle in the car and dont drink in front of anyone lol
Damn okay
we are underaged so that would be bad to drink in front of people lol
do you want to split a bottle with me or do you want one all to yourself? i just want a couple of shots
i probably wont buy one for myself, seeing as i can only drink a little bit
I will split a bottle with you
ill only need a little, i really appreciate it =]
Idc
my random uncle just appeared and gave me money
lolol
hahaha yay random uncle money!
call him Uncle Money
I do
he does this frequently
thats awesome.  wish i had an uncle money
lolz
watch at the end of the night we'll be in a corner doing madlibs
it's like mr krabs
hahaha
we will
count on it lol
mr krabs hahaha
leaving nowwww
OK
hey when do you go back to school?
Jan 5
okee dokee we need to hang out again before then
Oh, and this is from josh haha
" so, now that i'm thinking of it, i know that you wanted me to meet your friends, and i think that i may have made something of a hash of that.
im sorry."
HE DID
and then he said
"but im not bothered at all that they may not like me.
but it occurred to me that maybe it would bother you."
BLURRREDDD LINESSSS
hahaha
I don't even think he was hitting on me
he told me he likes some other girl we work with
He was dude lol
i dont know he maybe was just really drunk
why would he tell me about another girl he liked at the party if he was at all interested in me
i dont get it
i dont understand guy logic =/
He's messing with you because he wants to feel like he's in control of the situation. There's no logic, it's just sad
i wish i could just ask him what his intentions are and him answer me honestly.
or answer in a coherent way.
i just want to know, i dont like people playing with my head
THERES A NEW SALAD FINGERS
tell me what the red mass of flesh on a turkeys neck is called.
GIZZARDS.
did you see new salad fingers?
not yet
I just got back on my ocmputer
haven't had it
I'm scared 
lol
watch it dude
the animation is top tier 
And it's very fucked.
is it titeled
titled 
birthday
yeyyyesss
it's so long
it is
them's trousers a bit posh sunshine
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT
hahahaha
it's a rod.
it is
i watched a video on david firth
very interesting dude
he was a guitar player right?
that's where he got the name salad fingers? 
or something
yep
OMG
HE'S WINDING HIS MOUTH THAT IS ALSO AN INVISIBLE MUSIC BOX
I FUCKING KNOW
I LOVE IT
they're bringing back all of the old characters!
Horace, horse, collar
holy shit
hubert JASON cumberdale 
jason
I KNOW DUDE
I KNOW
KEEP WATCHING
c-christ in staples
i love the new episode
i never finished watching the toastboy videos
they scared me too much
do you remember
dog of man
so scary
OH MY GOD
TEN SALAD FINGERS
ALL OF THE INSANE SALAD FINGERS
THAT ARE EVEN MORE INSANE 
THAN SALAD FINGERS
im watching dog of man aagain
do ittttt
that creature at the end
my dog
god
haha
hahahaha
my dog
"GOD is DOG spelled backwards"
yes
start saying
oh my dog
i will
me too
i have the best xmas present for you
i have to order it
but i saw it today and i was like
i need this
and then i though
thought
i already bought my present
michael needs this
Omg haha
seriously?
It sounds pretty fantastic
yes!
it might now be here before xmas but im ordering it when i get paid
awesome haha. I forgot christmas was even like, a thing...it's soon isn't it
You have reminded me
but awesome
I am excited
yea i forgot kinda too
im just getting my family gift cards
i dont like buying them gifts
they have everything already
Yeah I know what you mean
I just had receiving gifts
I have this awful guilt
I don't know WHERE it comes from because my family is so damn selfish
I know what you mean lol
haha!
It's like I have survivals guilt because I can obtain a chilis gift card
lol
hahaha
new eminem
yay or nay
like a horse
horace
nay
horace
aw
i kinda like it
KINDA
dont love it
I've heard one song
Mabe Id have to warm up to it
I dunno
You can't recreate marshall mathers
true i suppose
im watching veggie tales
omg lol
potatoes and tomatoes
why
im so blue-hooo hoo hoo blue-hoo hoo hoo
hahaha
yes
i was looking at exotic mammals and saw
a creature called a zebu
and i was like...
wait a minute
larry the cucumber sang a song about them
and it was awesome
going to find this
and i did
I like the hairbrush song
WHY DO YOU NEED A HAIRBRUSH IF YOU DONT HAVE ANY HAIR
hahahaha
VEGGIE TAILS MADE CHRISTIANITY AWESOME
THE JERCHO WALL
SLURPEES AND PEAS
madame grape
or 
peach
or something
idk
haha
blueberry
duh
shes so blue
YES
madame blueberry 
I LOVE THIS SHOW
CHRIS IS UPSET
BUT I LOVE IT
lol
I love it
I don't care about the christianity part
the show is just charming 
haha
chris is questioning my ability to be an adult right now
i was laughing
and he just looked at me
i said 'if you had heard the joke youd get it'
haha
and he said, 'i did' 
sourpuss
damn
Let's watch it next time we hangout
haha
YES PLEASE
i have tapes
wish i still have mine
party at your house, vcr required
or mobile vcr
whichever
Michael wake up 
Long story ill explain later but can I pick you up? 
josh looks like hades from hercules
omg
yes
yes he does
I should bring that to his attention haha 
He even has like pointy teeth 
and fire hair
And red eyes. As healthy as he is josh has to have high blood pressure because the outter whites of his eyes are always red. 
im depressed
 ?
i just feel like shit
im so poor
and this world is hell
children are dying because our rich and famous dont give a fuck
they are evil
i missed 2 days of work, which i never do. i never ever miss work or take off work.  and because i missed two days i had to sell one of my breeder geckos and ill have to sell another just to pay bills.
Goddamn
That's deep
Bit relevant
fed ex lost my gecko and now it MAY make it here tonight
it may also die
i just dont want to live
im not happy on a daily basis
i sit at home and want to cry from boredom
why does chris not entertain me anymore?  im so upset and confused
And I never know if he's reading my stuff
he doesnt trust me
but should he trust me? i dont know.  i dont feel in control of myself.
You seem to be under a lot of pressure
i guess but it like...lifts 
like im fine now
but about 2 hours ago i was crying
i just finished making a pretty reindeer ornament for the xmas tree with martin
haha
hai
hello
im so bored halp
What do
they blocked everything at work and theres no work to do
and i ordered your gift this morning
*yesssssssssss*
dude
matt randomly decided to get a cockatiel 
yes!
you can teach those birds dubstep
or maybe thats a cockatoo
I'm not sure haha
We used to have a few of them
they definitely talked and shit lol
theres one online that just does dubstep
that's ridiculous 
its so good too hahaha
better than skrillex
i got a petco gift card at work
secret santa
it will buy 9 dead mice for my snakes
haha
I love petco at this point. It has so many things. os many things
i know but as a "private breeder" im supposed to hate it
but i cant
i got a SUPER nice crested baby there for 50 dollars!
im not a snob haha
Hahaha
yeah I thought that you would hate it just because you are a private breeder
but how can oyu
everyone says they abuse their animals and shit, and that may be true in other stores, but from what ive seen thus far the animals seem pretty fine
Yeah I've heard that 
the one here seems nice though
in my opinion
i agree
dude im so fucking tired
i had to get my mom from the airport at 12
got home at 1
stayed up till 3
had to wait until 12 for my gecko to come in, 3 days late
i have not worked a full day of work all week
im struggling, i had to sell a nice breeder female leo for bill money
im so stressed
damn
I thoought you only didn't work that one day
josh literally just walked by to ask how im doing
thats how bad it is
oh hades
hahaha
he is wearing a checkered bow tie
like a clown
havent told him he looks like hades
i feel as if he would be offended
haha
anyways, i almost killed chris and i last night
on the bridge to charleston
someone was merging into my lane and i wouldnt move
?
because they were idiots and i was RAGING
omg
i ended up swerving into the other lane and getting in front of them, without even checking my mirrors
before this
i was upset about how sleep deprived i am
and chris said
"oh yea i forgot that your best sleep time is 6 PM, we just need to stop going to bed together"
and i slammed on my breaks and told him to get the fuck out of my car
he didnt
but
i was so angry
i almost killed us man
i dont know why
I've done something similar
to my sister
hahaha
so apparently josh is working on a mystery involving shayn
and is giving me very little detail
it started out with:
 lordmacbayne:  You said your ex has a giant dick, right?
-.-
lolol whattt
why
where did this come from
he said this, which is very vague
 me:  Yup, why do you ask? haha
 lordmacbayne:  i was working out a small mystery.
 me:  .....
Elaborate.
 Sent at 2:23 PM on Friday
 lordmacbayne:  im not a gossip.
 me:  Nope you already asked me a question about someone's dick, you have to tell me.
haha
 lordmacbayne:  actually
no i dont.
 me:  PLEASE.
This interests me.
 lordmacbayne:  i know someone who knows him.
this person's behaviour was odd to me.
but the person in question has certain... predilections.  
 me:  For herpes?
 lordmacbayne:  well, that would be a negative.
at least as far as i know.
 me:  Okay so tell the person in question to not touch him, unless that person wants herpes.
 lordmacbayne:  i don't get involved in people's business.
for all i know, the person in question already has it.
 
Why does he think that being shady and weird makes him more interesting
it just makes him annoying and appear attention starves 
starved
I mean he may not want to bring this person up because I bet they work with me haha
Since when does he give a shit hahah
about work?
he gives a lot of shit about work
he's been here 13 yearsw
its all he has
no
I mean about privacy
or anything of that nature
he doesn't seem loyal
or caring
not that that's totally bad
but why would he be protecting someone's identity
ITS HIM
*law and order sounds*
In a sense he is loyal and caring, to certain people.  He respects others' privacy and is kind of private, himself.
OH GOD
MAYBE YOURE RIGHT
wait no
cant be
he hates drugs
why not?
hates hates hates
what do drugs have to do with this?
shayn IS drugs
hahahaha
yes
shayn IS drugs
so i dont think it's him
but josh has quite a few female friends
and they are all somehow sexually involved?
like he either used to have sex with them or talks about sex with them
he hasnt been laid in 2 years so he doesnt currently have sex with anyone
two years?
YEP.
he's an adult male
that seems
WEIRD AS FUCK
WHY
lol
because
he is in love with his ex
and he refuses to get involved with co workers
he thinks his boss and this girl i used to work with are hot
but they work here
so he does nothing
What an idiotic principal 
He's torturing himself
on principle
like
why
because
his ex
worked for LN
in cali
and when they broke up
it effected his work
he is a very, VERY disciplined person
he works out for heart health, he's a vegan, he meditates, he takes classes online
like, not for a degree. just to learn.
you have to understand
I don't know him
and that description
makes me hate him
and it would have a similar effect on most people
haha
he's the OTHER ron swanson
except that his drink of choice is still whisky
but 
he is a supervisor
so he can give me info before others know
like im asking him know if my boss hates me
haha
now
that's sly
told you!
he is an advantage
as much as chris hates him
he can and will help me
he refers to me as his friend, which is mind blowing
but helpful
it seems so
I really don't know why I like talking to him but he seems to actually take an interest in me?  Not like a romantic one, but almost like "she's crazy and lost so I'm going to try to help her even though im also crazy and lost"
thats how i feel it is
It's just so hard getting information out of him.
im trying to see if my boss hates me
and hes like
i talk to him occasionally
and im like, okay, did he mention me?
and he says, yes but not in a negative way
and now i want to know what he even said
he claims that barrett has always said positive things about me, which is good
told josh he looks like hades because i heard other people talking about what he looks like hahaha
one person said macauley caulkin
he was not offended by either, and said that disney hades is like the best devil ever
I SAID MACKEY CAULKING AT THE PARTY
TO YOU
Haha
oh god did you hahaha
he said his ex used to say he looked like him too
we also have a security guard that makes up stories about living in canada
claims his sensei got him off drugs and alcohol
murry christmas
too you as well!
how was youra?
yours
pretty average. The food was good haha. how was yours
better than expected.  getting a virgin mobile iphone 4 which i didnt think theyd get me.  mom gave me and chris 150 dollars, and his parents gave us a bunch of candy/socks/pajamas etc
oh and they reserved a new years party bowling thing for us
we get a lane for 6 people
i think it starts at 11 on new years eve
if you wanna come bowl, itll be us, lee, mitchell, and travis probably
Okay yeah sure
GOD dude. my day is shit. My dog is addicted to eating the cats litter and is puking cat shit everywhere and I keep dry heaving. MY LIFE IS DISGUSTING 
hahahahahaha
im sorry thats terrible
but so funny
 my description did it no justice
lol
chris got a pc chair for xmas
and just assembled it
hes so happy
hes wanted one since we moved here
awesome awesome awesome
when can we chill?
saturday night?
we're off sunday
Okay sure
ive been watching aqua teen hunger force
because for some reason weed has become enjoyable to me again
and 11 minute episodes are awesome
HAHA.
It's an alright show
I don't hate it
its really good when intoxicated
its okay when not
speaking of intoxicated i miss alcohol. I looked to the bottom of that vodka we bought a couple weeks ago and saw ron swanson crying
haahaha
did u see tht or no
i didnt but should have
listen
I started watching parks and rec from the begining
we'll drink
chris wants to buy the kraken rum
we can get something
YAY
yes haha
i actually bought a quarter of weed
for 35 dollars
its some regs
but i dont care
don't become one of those people that makes smoking a "thing"
no im just saying
ive never had this much weed in my life
at once
its odd
I have had a half o
wtf why
hahahaha
I had two cigarette packs full of j's
I HAD
had
wait
I said that
lol
but yeah
I did
interesting
i bought it from the nice latina former crack dealer that got fired from josh's department
she calls me boo and momma
omg hahaha
shes eccentric
momma
shes so nice
for such a thug ass bitch
help me im so bored im going to die
haha
tomorrow
yes, tomorrow
dude, I just tied a balloon to my cat because it was cute, and five seconds later I hear awful moaning and I go into the kitchen and he's like hung himself and I have to cut him free
HAHAHAHA
laughed at work
I know right
but it was awful
but I couldn't stop laughing
i bought 2 new geckos today
im officially addicted
for life
like
ive been saying for months that im done buying
but im not and never will be
true gecko life III: coming to terms with the addiction
they should do a true life on me man
we have JUST ENOUGH money to put a payment down on these geckos
and pay 3 bills
4 bills
It would be hilarious 
my gosh
I would be portrayed as some ridiculous curmudgeon trying to steal your geckos, also on crack and pregnant
i would eat geckos
i would have to keep ordering them
hahaha
because secretly theyre all i eat
and thats also why i breed them
to feed my hunger
my ADDICTION
"the hunger"
haha
so
i just got this awesome leo
or, i paid some on it
its a Tremper albino enigma het eclipse
so when I breed it to China, my white leo, the super RAPTOR
it will create Novas and Dreamsicles
if I breed a dreamsicle back to china
I will create supernovas
the "holy grail" of leopard geckos
you sound like an actual crazy person
read all of that back to yourself
i know im crazy haha
Very cool, but that was a rambling 
haha
but you just dont know the genetics
im excited about it
because htis is my passion
this
I CAN TELL
YOU MEAN THIS
THIS
yeah I know
hahaha
but it read a LOT like an evil plan
SUPERNOVAS
terranovas
trapanovas
traps
ohmagawd
trapper
traphouse
im gonna name a gecko after you
YES \
USE MY NAME FOR GOOD
i will
TERRANOVA THE SUPERNOVA
FOSSANOVA 
but look at this pink gargoyle i also ordered
nan
that's actually really pretty
they fire up and down of course
but i figured since i have a pink gargoyle
i should buy another
and when i get my red phantom gargs in
make a line of my very own pink phantoms
i could call them
....
i dont know
pink geckos with black eyes
electricityyyyyy 
SHOCK EVERYONE
i would call them
pink flamingos
BAM
ELECTRIC FIRE
OUCH
HAHA
I WILL OWN EVERY REPTILE ON THIS PLANET
OR DIE TRYING
PROBABLY THE LATTER ONE
OR BOTH
AND GET SHOCKED WITH ELECTRICITYYYYYYY
I am laughing so hard at nothing
just as im purchasing the last reptile on earth to put in my breeding room that i like to call THE WORLD, i die of ELECTRCITYYYY
but spelled correctly
earlier I had my feet on the  table and my mom was picking things up off of the table, but instead of asking me to take my feet of she like begged me not to kick her
wtf
Am I that awful?
hahaha
hahahaha
PLEASE MICHAEL NO! HAVE MERCY!
BASICALLY
loool
hahahahahahhaa
electric kick
stop making me laugh at work
as if anyone in this building is ever not laughing
I am a poke monster 
since they accidently blocked all the web pages i visited at work
i now can only visit like 6 pages
so ive started playing FB games
LIKE 6
oh no
you didn't
haha
one is called monster galaxy and its like a zodiac based pokemon thing
That soudns kind of fun
it is!
it helps me pass by 8 hours of nothing
haha
cigoret 
those help too
im trying not to smoke
its just so hard to not smoke here
smok no gud cigorit bad
pasta
electricity
pasta gud
yezzzz
ever notice on trailer park boys
bubbles says
CIG-RITS
not cigarettes
YES
HAHAHA
i say that
I laugh so hard
I do too just because he does
me too
corey trevor
smokes
c'mon
lets go
I like when they open a one stop outside
and they just use things from a one stop
oh yea hahah
they steal shit and sell it
hahah yes
THIS SHITTY MALL DOPE
MALL DOPE
hahaha
I was like
mall dope
"I know what he means"
EXACTLY
hahaha
YOU NEVER LIKE MY BUSINESS PAGE PHOTOS
YOURE A BAD FRIEND
WHERES THE SUPPORT, HUH?
HUH?
WHERE IS IT?
I'M NEVER ON HERE
I ONLY GET ON TO I.M. YOU
I WILL NOW
HAHA
PSH WHATEVS
ALL CAPS
IT IS WHAT IT IS
hahaha the notifications are filling my screen
70%
80%
90%!
wait no thats 100%
good job!
electric powers
i have those
i can rub my hair on a balloon
I do by rubbing my foot on carpet
HA
and make 'lectric
my dog is dealing with coprophagia 
i want to kill her
I will kill her
tell me again
what that means
hahaha
eating poo
just a fun word for it
what the hell
hahaha
i was drunk last night
and kept telling chris im getting a meatwad tattoo
hahahahahahahaha
If it wasn't so fucking dumb I would love it
hahahaha
meatwad
yes
i love meatwad
but obviously i would get a brak tattoo first
THREE HAMS WILL KILL HIM THREE HAMS WILL KILL HIM WHY DONT YOU FEED HIM...THREE HAAAMS
hahahahah
i fucking love brak
man imma go on my last break and then leave dis bitch
ill catchyoo laterrrr
O-K
electricity
lolz
Dude I'm so tired and that's my new thing
earlier I thought I invented a new machine
chris was asking about it
hahaha
what
I shared it with my mother
she informed me, that I was just describing a stun gun and/or taser 
I've been deeply upset since the dethroning of my "electricity gun"
HAHA
thats fucking funny
I know dude
the worst of it is
was that I actually felt disappointed. like I thought I had something
hahaha
Hopefully this weird obsession passes and I'll recover.
what are you up to
just got home, had to get a humidifier for the reptiles, theyre upstairs now
moved everything haha
Why'd you decide to move them?
because we're growing and the upstairs is the size of our entire downstairs haha
OHH
of this, I was not aware
we'll need a hatchling leo wall as well as a grow out crested gecko wall soon
my gosh
yeah you are growing quite a bit
haha
i mean the babies we produce and keep will need sub-adult tubs until theyre big enough for adult tubs
so they have a tub for each size
oh ok I see
nan
hahaha
we gon party tonight son
like you dont even no
dude if you drink the kraken
do one shot
thats it
i did 4
and had to puke before bed
this but alcohol
nan
yes
exactly
btw im broke
if you want liquor you gots to have the money
i can drink kraken
and im assuming youre couch surfing again haha
unless you want to drive down
I may be able to drive
I'm not broke
however
My driving back may be based on my sobriety 
actually
it will
haha
yea it definitely should be haha
we'll keep some coffee on
as if that helps
lol
people act like it does
it doesn't
haaha
what helps is vitamin B and more water than your body can hold
but coffee is like good
i do the water thing
ill force drink water
Me too
and pee as many times as i can
and excersise
drink peeing is torture
drink
drunk
hahahahah
hahaha
i read
"drinking peeis torture"
loool
ALL PEEING IS DRINK PEEING
HAHA
hahahaa
omg
im reading Doomed
so ill talk to you later
let me know if youre driving down or if i need to getchya
I'll do that
cya
kayz bai
you drivin or am i getting you?
  I shall drive. 
okee dokee artichokeee
 When should I go yo
meet us there at 8, ill have to run into kroger and deposit some cash.  bring money and i can take chris to the drug store to get you some likah
where's my ghost chili sauce?  you hid it didnt yoou!
Haha I wish I knew! I didn't 
WTF
where is it
haha
I remember putting it in your kitchen
ive looked everywhere
what the hell
can you meet us at the bowling alley at 10?
or actually
just meet us at our house
at 9:30
we can walk
bring a flask and stuff haha
fill it with yer jim beam
I don't have a flask haha
well bring something
put it in something, i dunno
lol
afterwards we can go sober up at our house
wait why did your mom block you 
she wanted you to apologize AGAIN to lee AND mitchell for the twitter stuff
I hate mitchell
I will apologize to lee if need be
and i was just like no, youre being rude, lees a grown ass man, he caN TAQLK TO HIM ABOUT IT IF IT MATTERS SO MUCH
be nice to mitchell
Lee didn't seem to care much at all when I did the first time
It's as if he forgot
and i didn't even DO anything to mitchell
i think SHE wants you to grovel
i told her im tired of her hating my only friend
Yeah of course she does. I know crazy. I play the game well dude. If you need me to I will.
no im done with her
she blocked me
She's exactly like my dad, grandmother, sister, and countless others
and hung up on me last night
God damn
haha
my dad disowned me yesterday!
how?
#teamparents
loool
He read through my twitter searching for negative things about him (my sister didn't say anything to him, nor did my mom) and what I said was a joke about my sister going to dc to shop and "college is free for me this semester so it's ok." The thing is, he's been looking for an excuse to cut me out forever and I've been playing his crazy games for years just to survive, and I'm just about done. 
dont do it man
youve gotta distance yourself
you cant play the games
my mom's boyfriend has kind of intrusively replaced my dad, which is okay because he's better lol
thats a good thing haha
and hes not a con artist
so get on his good side
not your dad's
he already loves me in part because I'm following in his footsteps, so I'm good in this department. I just need to cut out my dad haha
yep just snip the strangling umbilical cord
so why did your mom bring me up anyway
I'm just curious
she said lee mentioned it
i doubt he did
but thats why
ooooo ok
dude I'm looking through my facebook posts from like 2008-2009. I was weird
dont do that
its terrible
haha
It's funny kind of
like
I was one of those people who shared USELESS facts about my boring ass life
oh yea i used to do that
hahaha
YES I WAS SO COOL
posting beck lyrics
hope is not lost
hahaha
yes!
so mitchel dropped out of bowling
no clue who to bring
why?? what happened there?
dunno
not a clue
I fear that it's the fact that I'm going
lol
who cares
Yeah, I really don't. I just don't wanna sound like an ass.
lolz
so lee dropped out
probably because of mitchel
gah, the gays.
Wow. haha
o'course
YEP.
we dont need them though
a party of 4 will be much better and i dont think anyone should drive until they sober up
too many cops
I don't think anyone should drive drunk with or without cops haha
i know but even with a little in your system, not even drunk
theyll get ya
they like to i tell you what
lolz
monster galaxy is saving my life here
wha
im playing it
so i can kill time
i want to leave so bad
oh game
ok
haha
hahaha
I WAS LIKE WHERE ARE YOU
hahaha!
so since i dont need to get lee
meet me at 9
mkmk
I just have to make sure matts asleep and my sister isn't here alone
lol okay
Chris and Travis just went in Walmart for liquor, be home soon
I don't think I'm gonna drink dude. I'm feeling kind of blue and it's a bad idea. Also I can't leave until maria does and she seemss to be getting close to getting out.
so I shouldn't be long.
Okay that's fine if you want you can just meet us at our house at 10 and we can drive over
Yo where you at
   Omw
hello.
hello
hai
sup
watching mindy project
Dude mindy kaling is the bomb
I haven't watched much of that show
but what I have watched is good
its really funny
im only watching it because chris made me watch 3 hours of a dragon ball z earlier
that makes no sense
so like
he's making you watch another show because he made you watch one before?
or the other way around?
haha
im making him watch this
because he made me watch the cell fight
Which is the last good dbz fight
it was okay, ill admit
YEAH
the whole show is "okay" honestly
it's not my favorite, but for nostalgia's sake I like it
haha
heylo
hi dere
what it do what it do
putting together a list of what we're buying at the show.  it's in 11 days and my nerves are terrible haha
I was just thinking about that haha
I scrolled past the flyer
yea dude like
look at my cost list, of what i have to pay
~day of
50 garg 0.1
75 sara 1.0
75 garg 1.0
233.50 glimmer plus cage
0.1 enigma girl 100
0.1 pink garg 50
~day after (or so)
1.0 revxBB 275
1.0 thanatos 350
160 court costs
130 car insurance 

1.0 means male, 0.1 means female
glimmer is my qalbino hedgehog
god
that's a lot dude
i know lol
but
if 500 people pay to attend this show
regardless of what i sell
i will make 1250 dollars
Ah I see
I would attend if I could
i know and i wish you could =/
youll have to come back and play with the hedgehog.  we named her grand dutchess of Quillshire.  
OMG
haha
I can't wait to se her
you can now if you go to heartfelt hedgehogs page
and look for the albino baby named glimmer
but you can also see her at our house
lolo
haha
I can not find it
i cant aCCESS it on my work pc
you just google heartfelt hedgehogs
click that link
look for available baby hedgehogs
Yeah I was on there
no glimmer
maybe they took her off the site for me
OH
okay
that makes sense
oh and we're gonna be selling our cresteds for 50 dollars a piece, if matt wants a few i can do 40 dollars for him =]
I'm certain he will
He's been doing so well with his leopard and his bearded dragon. 
He inadvertently challenges people at petstores who give the wrong advice. my mom says he asks redundant questions just so he can give the correct one haha
THATS SO AWESOME
WE DO THE SAME THING
hahaha
man im so sick of today and just everything right now
i hate having emotional crisises at work
I feel kinda
I'm sorry though
im just depressed
Yeah me too. 
my boss fucked me on hours the last 2 weeks so my paycheck was really shitty
Oh yeah
You were actually talking about that two weeks ago
so i have 3 things to buy and 69 dollars.  i need to pay my 40 dollars phone bill, I need about 30 in gas, and also we need more food.  I can't buy all of that.  Also my water filter just stopped working so I need a new one and can't afford bottled water.
I'm just freaking out
god damn
yeah understandably 
I could probably get a small hand out from chris' parents but then id have to pay it back, and my next check isnt until the day before the reptile show, and ive committed to pay around 500 dollars that day
plus i had to hold off on 2 bills that will need paid equalling 200 dollars
i know ill get through it
but i cant even afford cigarettes, beer, or weed
and my vape battery is ruined
you can live without those things though. Just focus on the necessities 
I dunno what to tell you dude
If I had money to give you
you know I'd give it
I'm just venting
I know
Josh has been kind of distant and chris has heard this all before
I'm responding the best I can
i appreciate it
the best thing that could happen
Yeah yeah no problem
is that the show is HUGE
and i make a lot of money
pay off all my debts and bills
and still have money to eat
i owe the court system 160 dollars in court costs for a 5 dollar ticket
by february
hey
hi!
was just gonna message you!
NICE
what's up
if you wanna be a surgeon you HAAAVE to watch American Mary
it's fuggin awesome
What is it about?
I'll google search it and bookmark it really quick
ok I'm interested
yep its awesome
like crazy good
the ending left something to be desired but i thoroughly enjoyed it
I love that saying
"something to be desired"
haha
but I'll watch it tonight
YOU DID THE SURVEY ABOUT ACCENTS
haha
i did!
im somewhere between reno and lexington hahaha
I think I was Virginia Beach, Ithica NY (?), or dun du dun dun...CENTRAL OHIO
hahaha
I have to retake that soon
I also didn't know VA beach had a way of speaking
I feel like it's beach dwelling asshole-ese
actually I love it there
it actually is.  josh is from VA beach, kendall lived there, this whore bitch gecko breeder lives there and loves hollister and the shins
so thats an accurate statement
I DONT TALK LIKE THAT
also it's my favorite beach
so whatever
ive never been
It's like really clean and nice, and they have good music
Lke
the oppisite of myrtle beach
i like myrtle though haha
i like campy tourist traps
Damn
its fun
The last time I went I was too young to really enjoy its perks
I guess
I hear they have nice clubs and bars and stuff, just a filthy filthy beach haha
yea the beach is nasty
ive been to the caymans dude
for me a vacation to the beach isnt even about the beach anymore
i was supposed to come in early for work today, i woke up at 7:30 and i was like fuck this im going in at 11
Yeah  fuck early dude.
 I love Thursday because I dont have class until 11. 
so my aunt who i forgot used to do all kinds of stuff with the news for country singers and stuff around here just emailed us this huge list of press release contacts
i got to write a press release for our show!
and we're sending it to all of them lol
I actually remember her haha. And awesome awesome awesome
dude we're gonna blow this thing out of the water
and the very very best thing about it
has NOTHING to do with money
Just networking and attention to the event right
it's the fact that 3 different "seasoned breeders" have tried and failed miserably to host a good show in WV, and theyre all grown men who chastise me for being young haha
You win
the respect i will have in the community after this will be priceless 
Yeah thats probably the most satisfactory part of it then
yep, and now when those fuckers who talk shit about me at their pet stop see me from now on, theyll back the fuck off
i am going to CRUSH them at this show
they will have one table with priobably 20 animals
I will have probably 100
thanks to ariel of course
do you think matt would want to get a picture with some of the animals?
i can bring my camera and take photos and send them to people
 Yes definitely 
Awesome, I'm excited for him to be able to come to a place where everyone isnt retarded
also, if he has the balls like you said he does, he should tell the people at Reptiles That Don't Suck that their bearded dragons are normals and not german giants
That would be pretty funny
because they are normals being sold as literally a hybrid species of dragon
So its like selling muts that look like terriers as terrier basically?
yes
exactly
if he really wants to fuck with him, give him this information
German giants are a hybrid species developed with a dragon species that is no longer legal to export from australia, and even if they arent true german giants, if youre selling a dragon as a "giant" it should grow to be around 25 inches long, and the parents (which they have display at their pet store" are not.
he may find it funny to mess with them, and if he does, tell him that haha
Hes too kind. You know this. His messing with them is just then product of him being smarter and VERY thorough. He doesn't find humor in it like we do. He just gets frustrated haha
ah i see, he wants them to know what theyre talking about.
well these people know these arent giants, they just sell them as that for extra cash

Yeah, but they really dont give a rats ass
oh yeah?
Thats actually a sc umbag move haha
yes it is, my competition are total scumbags
like
theyre fucking called REPTILES THAT DONT SUCK
and when they advertise animals for sale, they say
Irony
"come by and grab yourself a reptile that dont suck"
THE GRAMMAR IS SO BAD
That's annoying to me. Haha
They tell everyone theyve been breeding for 6 years but in actuality they have OWNED reptiles for 6 years
I WANT TO STAB THEM ALL INTO TINY PIECES 
I want someone to inquire about the bloodlines of their german giants lol
AUDIT THEM. THE IRS. THE INTERNAL REPTILE SERVICE. INTERNAL AFFAIRS WILL GET THEM.
watch this post im about to make
that Ron will see haha
Ok
FOR SCIENCE!
 Haha!
I truly think people would still buy them if they properly identified them.. who around here is that picky
there are some dragon snobs here
that would totally call them out
and probably will
dude I'm so pissed
???
my mom has to pay my dad 200 a month until maria moves out due to a loophole in their decade old divorce agreement
he like took her to court today apparently 
HE'S GOT STACKS
why
My mom is already broke
heres how you solve that
maria can pay it herself because she has a job
That would be an awesome solution
if maria would agree to something without physical attack, which she would win anyway
shes a child
your mom has control over her
tell her she cant leave the house until she pays (when she gets paid)
HA
dude
if she leaves the house, call the cops
We have
it's illegal to run away in WV
and they don't take us seriously enough
also my sister is way bigger than my mom so that's out
and she's fucking destructive 
like
when she is home it's hell
so my mom kind of wants her out
my mom takes half her pay check anyway for things she's stolen
(she can't cash it herself because she doesn't have a bank account)
VENT VENT VENT
WOOSH
haha
i would have her comitted
dude i know right
i dont know why she hasnt done that already
its so obvious
here's the dilemma 
If my mom had the guts to do it a year ago it would have been perfect
but
she turns 18 this year
and my mom said she's no longer going to care for her at that point
and even so
if we commit her now
she'll just end up back at home
it sucks because now there isn't hope for her to improve
why would she end up back at home?  she's not special
my mom would pity her because my mom is a better person than me
no, your mom is weaker than you lol
she gives maria control
Yeah
she does
haha
I've made this point before
but my mom is damaged, she had an awful childhood. Like I feel bad criticizing her. haha
but sometimes thats what is needed
No one will step up and...
PUT MARIA IN AN OLD FASHIONED ASYULM 
Dude have you ever noticed how early it gets dark
yea dude most of my office is windows
"my office"
haha
the call center
so theres like a state of emergency?
yes
all of the water in the chemical valley is poison
yes
hahaha
im gonna be so thirsy mang
It's like I'm not thirsty now but WHAT I CANT HAVE WATER I'M SO DEHYDRATED AND I NEED TO SHOWER
dude go to the gas station and get water
I don't need to
._.
state of emergency dude
FEMA is coming
no way
haha
yes they are
http://www.wsaz.com/home/headlines/Firefighters-Investigating-Strong-Smell-in-Kanawha-Valley--239434751.html
this is going to last for days
dear god
this is a big deal
it happened yesterday dude
everyone has the poison already
yep
even my lizards
.___.
nooooo
i want to leave work and get water
before the panicked hillbillies buy all of it
I'm calling that one now
dude go get water now
go to the gas station
im asking to leave and you can get me some
its sold out a lot of placesd
I'm on columbus
in*
Sorry 
also holy shit WATER selling out
youre in columbus?1
noooo
Yess unfortunately/fortunately 
I had to address a fear today that I think you also have
haha
yep
i called off work
haha
oh you did??
and tomorrow i dont give a fuck whats in the water, im showing
haha why
showering
Dude
because i cant leave the house
Listen
it's honest to god not dangerous
look up more about that chemical
i know i know
its only if you drink it
NO ONE ELSE SEEMS TO
and at worst it will make you sick
People act like it's the apocalypse 
however
Showering must be the worst part
lol
apparently at work we can wear hats until it's fixed because people will be so nasty hahaha
HAHAHAHA
omg 
that's so funny but so unfortunate
i know dude
im gonna be nice and clean
and everyones gonna tell me ill get sick
by the 2nd week theyll think maybe im onto something
haha
you got the waterless shampoo stuff right?
yes but
that doesnt actually remove oil
just soaks it up
yeah
like how some people use baking soda
I have such an oily complexion I can't not shower lol
I appear disgusting 
I would be showering in poison 
OH MY GOD ME TOO
I TRY TO EXPLAIN TO TO PEOPLE SOMETIMES
AND THEY REALLY CANNOT UNDERSTAND
I KNEW YOUD GET IT
I feel bad being able to shower but complaining about the prospect of it when many people axtually can't, haha
haha
dude ive been cleaning for like 6 hours
im so tired
I would assume then haha
i have to vacuum then go get mike so i can go get water at his place, saint albans feeds off the coal river so everyone there has clean water
Really? I didn't know that haha
so many other places just as close don't have water
no water for i think 1500 miles down the kanawha, anything that feeds off the elk or kanawha or any of its tributaries
it smells like licorice dude
even in my house
in the air over the bridgre
bridge
Isn't the river like foamy? or is that just nonsense 
nonsense as far as i know
Apparently there's no timeframe on when the water will be safe?
nope
also, theres no information on anything at all
haha
HAHA
yea I guess you're right
seriously no one has a clue about what this will even do
It's made national news at this point I think
It's ridiculous
yea it was on buzzfeed haha
 Haha I didn't know that! I wanna look for it.
dude im in deep shit, i dont have enough klonopin to last me until my refill because i thought they would refill me today on my doctors appointment but i have to wait a week and a half and i had been selling extras to help feed animals
i have 4 left and im terrified im going to die
Ration them. Turn that into 8 and dont smoke because that's not enough to keep you calm. Also DONT SELL PILLS if your body withdrawals you'll want to literally die. It sucks so much
But when I get low and no refills, I cut them in half and Mark sure I'm really careful
"The withdrawal method that most doctors recommend is for patients to wean down from the benzodiazepine that they are taking. Sometimes doctors will switch from one benzodiazepine to a longer acting one such as Klonopin, to try to make this process easier. Doctors will usually try to get their patients to wean down by about 10% per week. This means the detox may be able to be completed in about 10 weeks. Unfortunately this slow taper is almost never successful. The withdrawal symptoms are just so strong that most patients are unable to tolerate them. Most patients suffer with severe anxiety, increased insomnia and panic attacks. They feel so bad that usually they go back up on their dose. Success rates of tapering benzodiazepines are very low, probably less than 20%."
so even if i cut them down i am still going to be miserable
 Yes but Less miserable. I've had to deal with about your number before. Trust me. The act of taking the pill helps a lot. 8 days of it is Better than 4
yes it is...im going to see if i can find any more around because i have 4, which i can cut to 8, but then i still need a couple days more
Did you just run short?  I can see how taking care of so many animals would run you
Also I cant believe you dont get a refill at your appt
the bottle says no refill until the 23rd
i just dont want to have a seizure
and i cant tell them i dont have enough or theyll take them from me
The likelihood of that is VERY LOW
And yeah you cant do that because you SHOULD have enough tehcnically
i should, but i thought, i have so many and my appointment is really soon, i need money, and i dont need all these pills
but now it looks like i do need the pills
and im fucked
Yeah this is rough
:/
Since when does : / translate to that
i dont want to order etizolam, but i know someone who may sell it here 
and i could just buy enough to last me a couple of days
 I dunno. I dont want to tell you one way or the other. Just get by.
thats what im trying to do =[
hello
hi fran
i decided, fuck it, if im gonna detox im gonna detox, and i went all yesterday without any klonopin and i was fine
took a single one today
but I should be detoxing because I used to take a few extra for bed sometimes. '
I took them for sleep for a while. They help with that.
but yeah good point
when is your next refill?
wednesday
So a week
hm
i think im going to save my klonopin for the reptile show, im kinda nervous haha
i have 3 left
yeah good point
matts super stoked for that
He's got all his mouth hardware out and stuff
I'm gonna get his picture with some chameleons haha
thats awesome
i cant wait to see him, its been forever
He'd like that. He's all into photography now.
haha!
thats awesome
Yeah haha right
hes a man of many hobbies
an avid hobbyist, if you will
He is indeed lol
so i took a shower this morning
no chemial burns
chemical
I figured that was a rumor
As long as you flush your pipes
nope it wasnt haha
wait what
haha
the water is still bad
I saw a photo of what looked like a tub filled with urine.
it was water allegedly?
i dunno
ours had a yellowish tint to it
ew
becauseI my mom lives close to downtown her's was one of the first to come on, and she said she's still not gonna use it for a while because it doesn't smell right
yea im not drinking it haha
YEah I wouldn't lol
so ive been bored at work recently and decided to start doing this thing where im tracking the lineage of my geckos and then putting their parent info and photos on a google document.  i found out some crazy cool stuff.
That sounds like a neat project
like, these two are the parents of my larger leachie.  theyre purple!
nan
purple?
look at their purple spots
I have a hard time with colors
but I believe you
haha
Look at these ones, parents of the tiny one
yeahhhhh
ok
Is it weird that I want to have their skin. Not in a poacher type of way, I just want to have a pillow or something os similar consistensy
consistency
i love their skin
haha
haha
dude i am so excited for this season of my business
im going to be steadily producing high end leopard geckos
and hold back all my awesome cresteds until theyre larger before i pick and choose who to sell, who to keep
and gargoyles
What about those one rare one's that your friend was going to provide that he just discovered basically?
I'll have 4 females laying
The ones he's sending me are currently incubating in eggs lol
OH ok
haha
But dude next year I'm going to actually make money doing this
WOO
I just hold everything back until a certain point when there's geckos coming out of my ears, offer them online and do reptile shows
i have 8 females that will breed.  That could mean 80 babies.
If not more.
That's JUST ONE species that I have
well god damn
Let me try to calculate leopard geckos, which grow MUCH faster than cresteds...
I will have 4 females laying, in leos, so thats probably a good 30-40 babies
So I'll need that many tiny stacking tubs haha
I'm not buying geckos this season, just upgrading our facilities
Whoa that's a good bit
and yeah you wouldn't really need to right
I've got geckos coming out of my ears haha, I should be good on my current and up-and-coming breeders for a little while.  I'm going to have that whole leo wall stacked to the ceiling with tubs, I'll need a step ladder to deal with them.  Well, that's more Chris' project haha
Damn straight lol
It seems the tubs are going to be more of an issue than anything right? you'll have to reorganize stuff
nah not too much, they stack
I'm having the weirdest day. Today I was 6 inches from the brain of a dead human. I sat there smelling the formaldehyde-y smell like it was some kind of women's fragrance until I snapped out of it. I think something is definitely not alright with me lately
thats quite odd haha
I feel off.
you know what I mean
haha
yes i do
im stressing so hard over this show
worst time to not have klonopins ever haha
dude did you see that horribly sad buzz feed story about the girl who died of cancer and like, tweeted everything until the moment she died. Or can you still not access buzzfeed?
haha
Oh well yeah
it really is
i saw that but didnt read it
now more than ever you'd need one lolol
but the story-it's interesting. She's like "peace yall heading to the hospital for the last time. stay positive"
and dies or something
HOW CAN ANYONE HAVE THAT ATTITUDE
hahaha
well when you know youre gonna die
you have a lot of time to accept it
She was so chill
I would be raging at the world
haha
THIS IS GODS FAULT AND I HAVE NO DECIDED I BELIEVE IN CHRISTIAN GOD SO I CAN BLAME HIM
MY DOCTOR SUCKS ITS HIS FAULT
but no
she's like
going to panama. returns "learned spanish or something, loved it"
time to die
END OF RANT.
hahaha
i have so much work right now dude
ill catch up with you later
LATER.
dude im so nerv ous about this show
im going to need to use my last klonopin to get through today because of the anticipation
Do it. 
i am, ive taken 2/3 already today
Just sent reminders to my mom and matt. Tomorrow you might not need it just because it's your craft and it probably relieves anxiety itself haha
yes it actually will be totally fine tomorrow, ill be in probably a zen state haha
but right now im so nervous, im meeting my Aritonnic friends for the first time after work
i just paid for my albino hedgehog haha
it's so fucking cute
 Hedgehogs may actually be the new cat. I went through the photos on that site haha
yea dude they are precious, only problem is they only live 3-5 years
so I'm going to hopefully breed mine if our coworker decides to buy the male albino instead of the one she has picked out now
 I couldn't deal with that. Id be so upset as I bought hog after hog.
hahahaha
that's why im trying to breed them
duh
YES
you know if you do, and someone buys one, they're going to name it sonic and you're just gonna have to be ok with it
i really dont care haha
it's the "community" that does
im not in the community
 I just think it's funny that people do shit like that. Its like naming a cat Garfield. There's no novelty in that 
hahaha
yea i get that
mine is named Glimmer, Grand Dutchess of Quillshire.
She has a horse name
Oh I know hahaha
Yess
I already love her haha
and her scary pink eyes
I'm gonna litter box train her.
and try to have a house hog
 House hog.
But yeah that would be so awesome
Use electricity 
i will use that
not sure how in this context
but i will
lol
Classically condition her. When she shifts ring a bell and give her a snack, and after a while place her in the litter box and do that.
or call the dog whisperer
Hes basically pavlov 
Hahaha
HAHA
i am going to train her that way
every time i see her poop in the box, she gets a treat and the bell
then when i ring the bell, I CAN FORCE HER TO POOP
Its honest to god proven to work. 
And omg
You can. I am laughing in public
hahahaha
I'm going to do it
I was reminded of pavlov in one of my classes and started laughing because of look aid. 
Kool
Hahahahaha
that guy was like the best teacher haha
He was the best. I havent forgotten much of what he taught, and that's saying a lot for a high school class haha
hell yes it is
haha
 High school blew. Other than our table in 11th grade.
right?1
we seriously were just partying every day
we always had musicv
and just danced
all the time
 Two years later everyone started liking what we liked and I was like BLAH WHY you didn't get it betore
exactly hahaha
We did dance
i danced all the time
speaking of which
Shayn was sitting behind me yesterday in sales
and after he clocked out he talked to me for like 20 minutes
it was odd
also chris' co worker says she once bit into a twinkie that was filled with...
spiders
god fuck
no
no
no
no
no
End my life
no
she said there were dozens of babies in her mouth, all over her face hahahaha
NO
NO
NO
I'm gonna hurl
hahaha
Inside her mouth
PUKE DAMMIT
on her
CLEANSSSSSE THYSELFFFFFF
what the hell is wrong with you
hahahaha
im laughing
out loud at my desk
anything being inside anything is
oh my god
insideeeeee
INSIIIIIDEEEE *hisss*
spiedurs
i know hahaha
so i have something that i need to tell you just because it's very personal and you should know about it
ok
let's hear it
i should have told you a long time ago but i was in so much distress, the only people who know are chris and josh, and josh said i should tell you.
oh boy
at one point in my relationship with chris, probably 6 months ago or something, we wanted to have a kid
right, I know about that much
which was stupid in hind sight, and we decided after a few weeks to give up and that we werent ready yet
which was true
haha
but i found out a couple weeks after that i was pregnant
though I wasn't gonna not supprot you
oh really?
yes
i paid to have an abortion at 7 weeks in
no one knows
now you do, and chris and josh
Thank you for confiding in me
LAST..
sorry
insensitive
i was afraid you'd judge me
Why?
i just am deciding to tell you this because yesterday some girl was saying women who abort their babies feel like murderers about it, even though they dont tell other people that
and it made me kind of regret killing my child
i cried a lot yesterday
I support a woman's right to choose in any circumstance. You shouldn't feel guilty about it because you weren't ready for a kid. It was up to you.
And awh lol
I'm sorry
You didn't kill your child
It's not yours until you claim it as yours. But I can see how the whole thing would be traumatic
It does come with a certain degree of guilt
but you have to way it against everything else that you're saved from
i just remember when i wanted it, i would pee on a stick and be upset when it wasnt positive
but then when we stopped, i got super emotional, crying at work every day, i was super sensitive everywhere and just tired all the time, so i decided to take another test
and it was positive, and i just started crying
at first i wanted to keep it
but then i thought about health insurance and welfare and food stamps and i didnt want my kid to have a shitty life
Yeah it's really about weighing the KIDS life out. I think 23 is a good age to start having kids if you have everything together, maybe later
That's just me
yea i agree.  i mean honestly if i really really wanted to i could have made it work
but childcare would have been the biggest thing
i dont want any of my parents influencing my child
RIGHT right
and they would have hgad to watch it while i went to work
i dont want chris' parents near it either
theyre dirty people haha
yeah
haha
getting your shit straight with your reptile business and all else fist is probably good. I mean you're 20.
I want to have a kid before I'm 30. I don't ever want to be an old dad.
lol
I mean ideally, I will have this business running so well that in 3-4 years I will no longer have to work at this job
a lot of people have made it successfully in reptiles
you just have to be smart about it
Yeah
which i am, im a business genius
honestly haha
You've done quite well with it
i mean, im so good at business, that i made an internet connection that is driving from chicago to HERE for ME
and i get wholesale deals on his reptiles, that i dont have to pay shipping on, because he's bringing them
and he's sending me free super rare project starters when they hatch
I'm decently well connected haha
damn
ga'dam
in fact
I have so much faith in this business
my entire life this is what I was born to do
I was 3 years old, naked in my back yard, in a creek looking for frogs and salamanders
I mean, it's in my blood haha
THATS YOUR STORY HAHA
my uncle fred used to find lizards and snakes and then tell me about them
he's still alive, just recovering from his lungs almost giving out from smoking his whole life
never got cancer though haha, so thats good genes i guess
he's like 80
Dude your lungs can still stop working without cancer. haha. it's just...localized to your lungs. lol
i know but the fact that he didnt get cancer means i probably wont get cancer
because he sure had a chance to get it
Yeah it's very genetic
My family ALWAYS GETS IT
that's why I tend to not smoke
I have a high chance anyway
yea i need to order a new vape battery, which i will do after monday when I paypal ariel's part of the funds to him
since im using my square reader to take cards, all of the money is going into my account
so ill have to keep track of my price versus his price, and send him back his price.  thats how i make comission
AHh i see
That reader is so good if you sell enough. At a certain point the fee is like irrelevant.
yep
it's a very small fee
small electri-fee
hahaha thats where the electricity here applies
There's a certain place I got the whole electricity thing from
and I know what it is
and it comes to mind when I say "electricity"
say it because i may know it too
There's an episode of 30 rock, where there's a poison leak in the vents, and they all go outside to write the show, and a bum comes up and says "you should write about how the empire state buildings controlling us all with electricity," It makes me laugh so hard
HAHAHAHA
yes
30 rock is awesome
He's like the bum that's always on the show
it kills me
ELECTRICITY
I've been listening to every version of dont you (forget about me) on spotify since i got here at 11
this is my pump up music
HAHAHA
Mine is older aphex twin. it actually calms me down, but still. I need that
haha
I CAN'T BE PUMPED
oh my god genius
I'll panic
dude i feel like i ate 3 adderal 30's
i cant stop moving my feet
or typing
hahahaha
I know what you mean
it's like that feeling the night before youg o on vacation
except like 30 times more
hahaha omg
right
im just pure adrenaline right now
i will need at least 3 benadryl to put me to sleep tonight
ill be up at the venue until 10 or 11 setting up tables
then ariel's going to come check out my gecko set ups :D
chris is convinced im going to run off with him because he has so many geckos and is rich and buff
but then he's also asian, and that aint my thang haha
hahahahahahaha
hahahaha
ha
ha
"he's asian, rich and buff and I'm going to run away with him" 
-hunter
hahaha
chris calls him my interracial crush
because he seriously thinks i have a crush on the guy
HE IS MARRIED WITH CHILDREN
haha
That automatically makes people ineligible to be worthy of my crush
yep it's a total deal breaker
hahaha
how'd it go?! well I'm assuming
It went magically, people are already begging for another. 819 people man.
I saw I Saw and it was on the news
I never got to see it on the news :/
I didn't
but I saw that article thing
We need to do another soon and we need a bigger venue this time haha, like in April
Yeah that's an awesome idea
my goal is to make enough money through my business and this expo to quit my job in 2 years
isnt it great to have alife goal of quitting your job? haha
haha
yes
im so happy
like...read on my status what John Brand said
that's fantastic and ok
which one?
john brand said that hes been to like every show on the east coast and that mine was the most organized
*POINTS*
it was so amazing dude
we were SWAMPED
that's awesome did you expect that??
also I wanna see your hedgehog haha
i honestly did expect it but i had no idea what 819 people actually looked like haha
i was at the table that whole day, not a second to look at any one else's stuff
i bought my geckos out of a hotel room the night before lol
did matt have a good time at the show?  i got a photo of him with a leachie haha
I haven't spoken with him yet haha
I'm sure he did
HE IS SO TALL
  Hes like 6'6 hahaha
i know dude i was like woooah
hahaha
i had to look up to take his photo
 Good god
Yeah lol
wish you coulda been there man
maybe youll get to catch the one in april
when do you come back here? i got your xmas present
 Yeah I hope!!
And march "(
whaaat why so long?1
ive gotta ship it to ya then i guess
Lets exchange addresses lol. I finally figured out what to get you!!
okay good!  mine is 1423 1/2, grosscup avenue, unit A, dunbar, wv, 25064
3104 baker hall west 
129 west 12th Ave
Columbus, OH 43210
okee dokee. i almost wore it i swear haha
its a slick shirt
  YES *dancing celebration*
jhahaha
LETS ALL DANCE
In celebration
Yes
potato
tomato
dreidel
dude i so dont want to be at work right now haha
id rather be hand feeding geckos
I know. I don't wanna be doing whatever I'm doing wright now. I'd rather be. whatever it is i like doing *empathy*
hahaha
thank you for that
word
do u ever look at your hands and start gripping your palms and think wow my hands are really big and then think no they feel so small which one is it
hands are weird
like get them off me
they're like wrist spiders
HAHA
im not usually afraid of my hands but i feel your pain.  my heart scares me.
In class the other day they handed out a condensed version of The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition
that's scary
haha yes
They've like invented new disorders
People who do really specific things are apparently sick
like SKIN PICKING
im so crazy help
what the hell, skin picking is now a mental disorder? hahaha
YES
then im a lost cause lol
i pick at my fingernails. IM SOOOOOO AWKWARD LOLLLLLZZZZZZ DIFFERENT
hahaha
i smoke flavored tobacco out of a big rotten carrot am i cool
yesss you are now
thank eem (xenu)
so i had to buy a humidifier, a big one, for the gecko room upstairs
and it didnt raise the humidity by even 1 percent
what?!
lol
so we returned it and got 70 dollars walmart credit so we bought 3 big gecko tubs, 5 grow up tubs, and a bunch of cereal and junk food haha
sweet! haha. better than the humidifier or not?
better, because we're gonna need sooo many grow up tubs for growing babies
dude matt wants a leachie so bad haha
hahaha
and awh, babies
THEYRE SO EXPENSIVE THOUGH
leachies
you can get them at the cheapest at like 300 dollars
yeah I've learned this
haha
i paid 700 for each of mine haha
good god
i just want them to keep growing
Ariel's "kraft" (what i call it haha) gecko mix has been helping a lot
he uses his food chemist expertiser to make gecko food
food chemist
WHAT IS THAT
i now make mine out of baby food, activia, calcium powder, and Miner All
and ground bugs sometimes
that's very specific
which is good I assume
hes basically the only one that should be allowed to mass market any kind of animal diet
all the other one's people sell are created by hobbyists
not chemists
Hm interesting. I feel like if people knew a lot of what they were REALLY feeding their animals they would be quite bothered
oh definitely, but most of the community is run by a select few people who say something and then everyone believes it to be gospel
ive gotten in disputes with some of the top nation's breeders this way
questioning them
It's good to question though. I wouldn't follow something blindly unless I knew it was for good reason
everyone else does
its fucking annoying
I can see how that would be annoying lol
like im going to make chahoua/crested hybrids, but i have to hide them from the world because they all believe that somehow the hybrids will mix back into the crested gene pool and poison it with chahoua blood
their idiots
theyre
unless you you know, don't let it happen with your hands.
which you can do
why do people think that would happen
people who are afraid of it obviously wouldn't let it happen, and you wouldn't let it happen
so it wouldn't lol
they think people would lie about their hybrids, sell them as shitty looking cresteds (which makes zero sense because hybrids go for 200-400 dollars where as a shitty looking crested would be 50-100 dollars)
and then people would breed the hybrids back with cresteds
So it would become some kind of massive conspiracy to where experienced breeders who sell hybrids would suddenly stop giving a shit about their animals and their customers, and deceive everyone
That sounds like people just wanting to start something.
they think little breeders will do it.  my counter-argument, no little breeder is going to miss out on that cash.  they would be selling these things for 400 dollars because most small breeders that dont really specialize in anything just want cash
ive tried to reason with them all
theyre idiots
OH I see where they're coming from, but you're right why would they miss out on the money
Like I said
it sounds like people just wanting to pick fights
it's the same type that claims you can see satan in the smoke of the world trade center
yea essentially haha
but ariel and his crew and a few other people i talk to have opened their eyes
and they are open to new ideas
ariel's whole thing is, he's being doing this for 17 years, and it very obviously works for him.  he has hundreds of babies a year.
damn
also
the last part
I know what you mean
but
"he has hundreds of babies a year" HUNDREDS
also that's a whole lot
and define "his crew"
exactly, if there was an issue with the way he does things, his animals would be dying
stephanie wasielewski and CJ, some 18 year old kid that they pay to do humiliating things to at shows
theyve given him a reverse mohawk
HAHAHA
drawn on his face with sharpie
etc
omg
he's a really nice guy though haha
crack team there
that's fantastic though
theyre like my favorite gecko people.  he sold me a 300-4000 dollar gecko for 50 bucks
then a 500-1000 dollar gecko for 75
then a 600-700 dollars gecko for 300
and a 200-300 dollar one for 100
there can be a $1000 gecko
wat
that's a whole lot of pop tarts
yea dude geckos get expensiiiiiive haha
i have the best in the state, hands down
as far as blood lines and just general coolness
there are a few of the rhacodactylus geckos on new caledonia, its the only place they live
i have..cresteds, gargs, leachies, chahoua, and saras
so your geckos are like wasps and everyone else's geckos in WV are like the people that own them
which means i only need 2 more species to have them all
hahaha
I feel like I have to say this:
Got 2 catch them all
its okay, i was waiting for that haha
but you do though
but the 2 species i dont have
so it's okay
the trachys
they are sooooper expensive
and big and mean haha
anyways, with ariel by my side
i have support to try new things
to experiment
I know they're expensive, because I just googled them, and they way people are marketing them is like Ferraris. They aren't listing a price, you basically have to contact the seller before you see the price. haha
yep thats how it works haha
thats how rare they are here
you cant export them really anymore
why?
the guys who used to get them fresh from the wild are philippe de vosjoli and allen repashy and frank fast
their habitat is endangered
but i have geckos from philippe's lines, so i think my chahoua and dal sara may be f1's
but im not sure
i have gargs from his bloodlines as well
f1 means its out of the wild
ok so not formula one
no not that fast
haha
im trying to hybridize this red crested female i have with my new male chahoua, el bastardo
and he would like go to mount her and just...stop
haahahahah
and now shes done ovulating so she will attack him, so we have to wait another month to try again lol
oh god
wow
she attacks if she isn't jonesing to mate
yes essentially haha
otherwise he bites her neck and crests really hard and she just ignores it.  now she would bite back lol
hahaha
that's itneresting
do you have water again
i mean yea but it's still gross
i shower in it but thats it
that's unbelievable
does it burn you
I can't tell if that's
made up or not
it kind of itches and sometimes like a slight soapy burn haha
makes my skin dry
do you ever want to live in one of those sick giant treehouses? I'm reading an article about one in WV that's so awesome.
What a badass, cheap, environmentally friendly *wink* house
*wink* hahaha
yes those are very cool
i dont know, my newest goal is to quit my job January 2016
and live off my hobby
which is surprisingly feasible
Which will then be converted into your job
is your goal to develop a bigger market in WV or sell outside of the state? I don't know how large of a demand for specific geckos are in certain areas
the market here sucks and everyone is poor.  i have a plan for that, which includes continuing to breed lower cost geckos for locals.  in the bigger scheme of things im working on making the big money leopard gecko morphs, as well as hognose morphs.  my gargoyles have great lineage so they will sell well, and im working on a pink garg project as well as the phantom project when ariel's phantoms hatch.  with cresteds, my true love, i will continue to improve upon offspring until they have the biggest heads possible haha, and my saras will cost quite a bit once my female gains about 10 grams so i can breed her.  plus hybrids will go for quite a bit.
if i could make a measly 300 a week
i would be making what i do at this job
Eventually the goal would be "how much do I need/can I use from what I'm making per week." Because I feel like sometimes you'd sell a lot, and then maybe go for a short time not selling as much, and the sell a lot
yep essentially, this would be caused by shipping temps being bad.  fortunately, people will pay for a gecko and wait until it can be shipped. also, i can do local shows whenever i want.
Because wouldn't selling "a lot" of this kind of thing mean a good chunk of change?
OH yeah
that's right
oh yea if i sold a lot of these id be rich haha
this is my first big season coming up
i started with only 3 breeding female cresteds and one female garg
now we have 8 breeding cresteds, 3 more girls growing up
5 gargoyle females, more growing up
something like 8 female leos for several different projects
a female sara
and im growing up my leachies and hognoses
but compared to last season, this season im going to have a shit ton of animals
which allows me time to keep a bunch back and grow them up
adding to my breeders for next season
in two years i will have enough animals to always have some for sale, essentially
I understand basically, but technically I don't understand
ok
that last part I get
it's mainly about choosing who to hold back
you always want to hold back females
ive spent over 1k on 4 good breeder malkes
males
that have such good genes, that i can breed them with any female really
so the game plan now is to aqcuire females
acquire
So it spans out a bit
yes
its like this huge complicated business plan
of world domination
someone the other day referred to me as one of the wv reptile elite
because of the show i put on and the experience i have with so many animals
now that i have that show, i can support or snub any breeder i want
so im kind of powerful now, it happened over night
Haha
HOW DOES IT FEEL
(as it courses through your veins)
HAHAHA SOMETIMES IT'S AWESWOME, SOMETIMES I HAVE TO DEAL WITH AB UNCH OF PEOPLE I DONT WANT TO
sorry for caps
lol
usually i have to manage different business pages and answer questions, i have to go home and pore sex some babies that this kid may want
sometimes i get really upset because i think my collection isnt good enough
its a whole thing haha
Do you ever feel....*places hand against wall and looks down*....like your reptile collection is inadequate?
hahaha
yes
all of the time
Or....*looks at children playing but feels nothing*...your business just is wanted in the local reptile community?
hahahaha
make this real
pls
I would love to put all of my ridiculous ideas into a youtube channel. If I only had the means I would be selling Paxil good pill (for sad moms and reptile breeders) everywhere
Why is it always a sad mom
it's like in the 50's when moms oculdn't be clinically depressed, they just had "hysteria." That's literally what they're depicting is a mom
haha
hahaha
well guess what, i just lost my phone in the parking lot
what how?
when i went up front to the lost and found some new hire said that she had picked it up in the parking lot and thought it was hers, even though it had a lock code on it.  it was in her friend's car outside and our secretary had to watch her go get it because i was afraid they were going to speed off with it
So you got it?
yes but almost didnt haha
THAT was A CLOSE one
it was!!!
I'm watching the coolest thing
It's an interactive documentary about macdowell county. Like reaallly interactive
More like doing, not watching haha
thats..interesting haha
It's so well done, like I want to hate it but I can't.
lolol i know those feels
lol my boss is going to tell the recruiters not to hire that theif girl
haha
nice
omg
dude
did you know devon woodrum works at TM now
???
i havent seen her
Hm
maybe shes in training
there are so many whores at wvu. so many whores
i know dude, alex amili posted that orignially hahaha
who is that
is she a awhore
wait that's not a word
she went to school at gw and yes
haha
I am having coffee and it is greatly energizing my weary bones
im super reactive to caffeine, i cant even drink coffee most of the time lol
it just makes e shake and sweat
It only does that for me if I have like two cups or three. I usually have one per day. It excites anxiety a lot of the time
speaking of which, finally got my klonopins lol
i did a little dance in the car with them
hahaha
nice
im managing twitters today -.-
twitter is the bane of my life
I hate it
I looked at it twice today
both times it was filled with shannon chaty saying idiotic shit
i forget her and that clique even exist
i mean as far as im concerned they dont
they arent doing anything special to differentiate themselves from anyone else
they may as well not exist at all
She's all alone actually
she just has her military husband
yep told you
Karma
for being a stupid whore, who according to twitter has a barn full of horses
hahaha
yes im sure she has tons of money
loool
She CONSTANTLY bitches about the poor stealing all her money.  YOU HAVE HORSES
If i had horses
I would never go hungry again!
hahaha!
the poor stealing her money
thats fucking hilarious
she IS the poor
She's all "why don't people just BUY their own health insurance. Why do I have to pay for people who can't get a job?" I'm LIKE NOOOO BITCH YOU DONT GET LIFE
You know as well as I do, how expensive insurance is
do you think eating clam chowder from a place that sells it for like a dollar is bad
yes probably haha
clam chowder sounds terrible anyways
It wasn't bad. The last time I had it it was from schlloztskys deli the day the health department closed them down. lol
HAHA
It was bad
man those huge pots of soup sitting in the hot moldy wooden shelves
hell nah haha
hahahaha
good god
yep lolz
man i feel like i have like 3 jobs right now
my business, and this fucking reptile show haha
i never get a break
people ALWAYS need to talk to me
That's rough
Do many people use facebook or is email primarily used
facebook mainly
its seriously my job now
someone referred to me as one of the "wv reptile elite"
and im just like woah, this happened overnight
I heard haha
but yeah
Facebook is easy
i need to find a venue
well that's more jamee's job
shes very organized but has terrible communication skills
and cant make a phone call because of anxiety haha
but other than that shes a good partner, she gets tons of volunteer workers (slave labor) and is very good at making things on the pc for the show, etcv
(slave labor)
lol
you work the volunteers like slaves but they're okay with it because they're VOLUNTEERING *good deeds* go
yea essentially haha.  michael tighe's last girlfriend was there helping hahaha
she was like, hes a sociopath
who is she?
some jewy girl
with a name i cant spell because its so jewish
that's not a thing
lol
it is i swear
its like kaelie
knefk
or fucking something
he is on facebook
and still thinks he's a skateboarder
what is he, 14
yes haha
he really is a child
hes with nichol matheny now hahaha
whoooore
oh ew
yep haha
I hate people our age that think skateboarding is still something you can do
like
hahaha
speaking of
danny collins saw us at the t bell hes a manager for
and he was like, lets hang out when i get off work
and instead
HE WENT AND GOT SUSPENDED BY CHASE CAMPBELL
AGH GHGJEPFOGJ FPOJ  WHAT
yep
blew us off to get needles in his back
or rather, hooks
hooks
yeah
hahaha
BIG meat hooks
like a prized fish, he dangled from hooks embedded in his flesh, writhing above all of us in the glory of his suffering
that's what I think of when people talk about suspensions
like a big wet fish on a hook
yep
i just look at the skin and hope it doesnt rip
I always get the SAME mental image
it makes no sense to me
and same monologue
how fat do you have to be before your skin rips?
i just dont get it
Some people have orgasms while doing it
i wonder if i got suspended if id just fall on my ass hahaha
i know!!
you'e seen the documentary haha?
yep!
it's so good
except for the scrotum part
AHHHH
the huge hole
WHY
There is LITERALLY
LITERALLY
no point
LIT-RALLY
you pull on the srotum and it puts pressure on the prostate.  for some reason he decided he needed a hole through it in order to pull on it.
that is literally so awful
yes it is
disgusting
That is the kind of person that is OK to judge
yes it is
speaking of which, im stalking ashley painter
i wonder what happened to her
hahahahaha
What
because everyone is posting "i hope youre okay" or "im glad youre okay"
i hope she almost ODed
I see it
I'm going to find out
How much would you love me if I commented "what happened"
do it!!!!
I'm REALLY considering it
pleeeeaseee
hahaha
"everybody involved"
what does that mean
hold on
exactly!
maybe one of the posters ws involved somehow
a poster? haha
POSTERS OF CONDOLENCES
HAHAHA
holy shit
"a poster of tom selleck was involved"
hahaha
mustaches
https://www.facebook.com/Chillinasschris?hc_location=timeline
this guy
haha
HAHAHA
looks like hes in training at TM
lolol
hahahaha
he like
his "banner" for his facebook page
is him smoking a cigarette
hahahahahaha
hahahaha
"im so cooool, look at me schmooooke"
I'm looking through ashley's recently visited places
maybe if i creep on shayn's profile
Have I ever mentioned how idiotic it is that that name is spelled with a "y"
shayn doesnt even get on fb anymore but you can probably see more on there than i can
yes he made that up haha
Oh my god
why
why is he so proud of being in a motorsycle accident
motorcycle
ahahaha
because hes high all of the time, he doesnt know what hes doing at all
seriously at work the other day
i was standing on an elevated console area, the "center console", and i could see shayn, and i was talking to my gay boss about how i hate working with my ex, and he was like "i was just saying how terribly unhealthy that guy looks"
haha
hahah
he's probably on heroine
hahaha heroine
hahahahaha
OOPS
Heroin
or meth
but yes that is what he shoots into his veins haha
both can make you look like SHOOT
and meth im sure
SHIT
hahahaha
my god
hahaha iphones
I am on a computer
I wish I could blame a phone
none of the things that have been happening make sense
haha!
thank god today is almost over
that black toad is like a week away from being extinct
aw =/
figured
I was super interested and looked it up
my ld trainer just came up to my desk to talk to me about that frog haha
It's like the level below extinct on that flow chart
old trainer
haha
ID TRAINER
FOR YOUR ID
hahaha
http://insidetv.ew.com/2014/01/23/girl-meets-world-gets-full-season-at-disney/
THIS IS HAPPENINGI
MY CHILDHOOD
SO MANY EMOTIONS
wait
hahahaha
it could suck
i never really watched boy meets world
i watched a lot of cartoons
haha
I watched everything. This show was my favorite for some reason. It made me feel like a grown up
i liked full house a lot hahaha
I also liked toonami, which didn't make me feel like that lol
full house
lol
yeah
I kind of hated that honestly
It was too chipper for me
dude chris has gotten me on the path to hating dragonball less
Don't like it too much
but don't hate it
there's a good inbetween
i watched the newest movie and we played DRAGONBALL BUDOKAI TENKAICHI THREE
THAT IS A FUN GAME
it is! haha
who did you select
but im still trying to beat pikachu
oh im always freeza or a family memeber haha
member
or god
haha
hahaha
freeza is so scary
so androgynous
Most people couldn't figure out his sex
hes the opposite of the saiyans, hes a reptile
as kids
reptiles are the same
its so slow at work today and barrett asked me to come in early. i get here, to see that erica is already here and he didnt need me, and also they did not salt northgate at all
they didnt salt most of anything here
because it's a saturday
That shouldn't be a reason
it is though haha, im getting undertimed so i can leave before it gets dark and freezes worse
why does life cost so much money
i fucking know man
i owe the court 160 dollars because i got a 5 dollar traffic violation i had to go to court for
I owe my school 5,000 and in addition to throwing me out of classes, they plan on throwing me out of housing wednesday. The dilemma is it takes longer to process the money than I have to be here.
what the fuck!
thats fucked up man
It's so fucked up
You'd think they'd do anything for precious money
(loan money is money none the less)
I just don't get it
people are inherently evil and selfish
its a survival tactic
WHICH IS WHY IM CONFUSED
YOU'D THINK THEY'D WANT THE MONEY
That was my logic
yea that is really dumb
for real
im sorry mang =/
it seems as if it's going to work out so don't be sorry. I just needed to complain about america
haha
hahaha
america sucks so much ass on so many levels
spoiler: america sucks since kennedy died
hahaha
yes
Both a measure of time, and merit of kennedy's swagger
Bella told me random access memories wont a bunch of grammys. Hashtag: happy
yes!! haha
That album was my life for something like two weeks. I listened to nothing else
oh yea mine too
at work if something new is on spotify
its all i listen to
new beck feb 25th
Hashtag: stoked 
Hashtag: letsdothis
Hashtag: we outchea
music
hell yea son
chris and i are making an rpg video game
do want to be in it?
YES
do you even have to ask
YES
chris made me, same exact hair, blue, black opera coat, green puffy vest, everything
and then as the alien boss in this pyramid oasis we built...
he made it me in my halloween costume hahahaha
omg
lolololol
he said it took like an hour to cut out that part of my from the photo
he cut off some fat too, hes wonderful
hahaha
make me without gauges
okay hahaha
i can do that
chris says youre going to be a party member
some ass hole at cvs the other day (with obviously incorrectly stretched and decrepit ears) said "HOW BIG WERE YOUR EARS BRO" and said they "looked good for being an inch" and his "were 1.5 inches" and I thought THEY LOOK LIKE SHIT BECAUSE YOU ARE BAD A GAUGING
im the extra party member now lol
score
hahahaha
gauging
I don't care
right?
chase campbell is a monster btw lol
it sounds funnier
"stretchinggggG"
HE REMOVED SOMEONE'S NIPPLES
how so?
REMOVED THEM
is that body mod or plastic surgery
hahahahahaha
just my go
d
watch a movie called american mary
youll love it
OH yeah
I keep forgetting
movie mike recommended it to me lol
oh yeah that guy
hahaha
yes good ol' mike
he's the real life Dude
hahaha
i need to mail your shirt but im so poor haha
SOON
I feel. I recently had to empty my bank account on an unpaid school bill. haha.
fuuck haha i have medical bills
and one gecko bill left
well inguess i need to oay 150 for shipping from 3 different people lol
gotdamn
i need to pay 70 to a friend to buy a gargoyle back that he got from us.  hes philippe line so hes holding him for ud.
us
Hi
hey dere
It's so cold 0.0
it is haha
like too cold
The wind chill here was -35 this morning. I feel like Alaska made love to Canada and their babies came to the real America.
HAHAHAHA
real america
You know what's bullshit
MTV-U. its like when kids get to college and discover late 90s music/college kids in trashcan banging hipster bands
Like get out you middle class frauds
"Well Jake and tom met while studying at tufts, and ever since have been making music together." (two guys with tambourine talking about nothing at each other)
FOLLOWED BY A BECK VIDEO
the people who watch this network think they're so cool lol
"Yeah I know beck they're good"
hahaha
sorry im swamped at work
they took my internet away and just gave it back, hahaha
wtf haha
bastards!
RAT bastards
lolz
man today has not been my day at work
really? what?
why*?
my program that i work from kept crashing
i had to restart my pc 3 times today
may have finally gotten it fixed
but my boss was being a total dick about it
isn't it a really old program or seomrhing?
yes, it's called RightNow
what it should be called it MaybeLater
*is
HAHAHA
smooth
yep ^^
lolz
i get my gecko tattoo finished tonight
finally
im not even excited though, today has been shit lol
I know what you mean
I fixed all my financial problems, but it has been such a shit storm I don't even feel that great that it's done with
i know how you feel
thats like my life every paycheck hahaha
I wish I had a paycheck. I can't even get a PART TIME JOB. I've applied to 10 different places this year
lol
that sucks =/ sell meth
I'll sell k2
HAHA
hahaha fucking gary still does that illegally here, out of a house he rented on the west side
scumbag
that's almsot as bad as selling meth
like
illegally selling something, that is SHIT and mall teens use
like who even wants that garbage hahaha
people who get drug tested and are stupid haha
Then don't use drugs. Drink or something. Find another vice
K2 literally  causes brain damage
like
omg
haha
i can actually smoke weed again, like 2 years after those chemicals damaged my brain they're damage is finally lifting lol
their
Dude we did A LOT of that
i know man
I have flashbacks when I go to the towncenter mall
you have no clue, when i was getting it for 10 bucks for 4 grams haha
i was smoking SO MUCH
the other day bella posted a photo to tumblr of her old vaporizer, and I was like GOD NO because someone like topped of some shit with k2 and I smoked out of it and literally felt like I was dying
haha
like two years ago
I saw it and was like OMG OMG NO DIE
K222222222222!!!!!!!!!!111
And then there was serenity lol holy god
serenity tasted better
for what its worth
haha
it did
but it really did a number on me. I couldn't go in certain rooms in peoples houses or it was like walking into a slow motion vortex
Everyone I know who's smoked it has residual k2 issues though
NOT THE GOOD SLOW MOTION VORTEX a bad one
hahaha
so motley crue
is ruining my day
they are breaking up
everyone has their panties in a jumble
including motley crue
i didnt know that, explains why everyone wants fucking presale codes
YEAH
they're on their farewell tour
yep haha
one of the presale codes is
THE END
it all makes sense now doesn't it
hahahah
yes lol
they can burn in hell
and will
and will enjoy it
indeed haha
\m/
ROCK
LOL
\M/
yes
that just looks weird
ROCK
not like the horns
THE HORNS
hahaha
yes
for rock.
i hate work i want to leave right now
110 facebooks posts to deal with, on just one out of several FBs
fuuuuck
my god
why do you have several
i manage LN FB, TM FB, lady gaga LN, a couple different artists' event pages, and im doing all twitters right now as well, which i believe there are 5 of for now
oh and TM canada
ew
no jk
yea i hate canada haha
I love anada
CANADA
nope
theyre assholes
yes
I'm moving there at some point
It's like Australia without the monsters
i would want the monsters haha
ad no its not like australia
NOT THE SPIDERS
at all
hahahaha
well federally, it's like australia in a lot of ways
haha
that's what I mean
I HATE THE GIANT SPIDERS
well that would make more sense lol
THEY SPIT VENOM
they ENTER YOU
theres this tiny plump gay man here
who is obsessed with AHS
and wears a witch outfit every wednesday
omfg
I am dying
my body
he works in josh's department, go figure haha
get this
oh god
he works UNDER josh
lololol
hahahahahahahahahahaha
ahahah
ah
ah
ah
a
ha
I cannot breathe
im laughing too
i look like an idiot
hahaha
I often am fighting the urge to laugh
While walking in public
that's when I think of the funniest shit
while in the most inappropriate places
oh me too haha
i laugh at the things i say sometimes
makes me look like a dick but i genuinely find my thoughts funny
Me too.
I save a lot of them for our conversations
sometimes I stage conversations just to laugh at my own jokes
which is sad
but I do it to everyone
hahahaha ive done that
man let me just tell you
ever since this reptile show
i feel it actually happening, me becoming important in the reptile community
because the biggest tree catches the most wind
and people can blow me
hahahah
omg
lolol
for real though
how satisfying was that to say
ive had pet shops arguing with me
it was so satisfying
over what?
THATS WHAT SHE SAID
DOUBLE WHAMMY
haha!
but
they all want o vend the show
and theyre all kind of idiots
and just bad at business
its hard to pick the best out of the worst
so i think im going to let them all vend
and just fight with each other
because im tired of dealing with them
theyre like 50 year old children i swear to jesus
that's a horrifying statement
but I can imagine it so perfectly I feel my bowels twisting
eh
ewww haha
I just imagine a bunch of 50 year olds behaving like little kids over adult things
and it really grinds my gears
yes its very frustrating
because i have to manage them all
if i put 2 vendors together that dont agree on things, there could be a fist fight
god
But I mean
you're the puppetmaster so ...
does it REALLY matter
according to what you just said you can cause OR prevent altercations
essentially i can
it's catch 22 though
the person you call out or put down will hate you forever
so you have to pick your battles
In the reptile community, you are nothing if you don't have supporters
gotta keep them supporters lol
I know you're blocked from buzzfeed
so I'm gonna send you a photo of this screen shot of a grandmother on social medica
nah they fixed it eventually lol
OH
omg
but go ahead
hahaha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/reasons-why-old-people-are-the-best?bffb
then look at this
my god
hahaha
I am not a homosexual.
i will when i get some time, might not happen at work lol
im swampeddd
THREE d's there
so very busy
look at the live nation FB lol
from 11 AM to now, thats all me
omg
interesting
yep thats me lol
like all the posts or jsut the responses?
the responses from LN
are me
haha
I have been reading them
you sound very professional
FAKE
so many motley crue
why
these people are so annoying
omg
my day job is my practice for dealing with crazy reptile people.
I'm so sorry
haha
now you see why
PRE SALE CODES
EVERYWHERE
WHAT ARE THEY EVEN
ive been abused at this job over the internet more than i ever have for anything else hjaha
good god
omg i just got LN down to 0 incidents
i hit refresh, fucking 40 of them
which mean
what's an incident
like a post
in our system it has a number
it's logged as an incidenty
incident
ih
oh
that's a weird name for it
it is
like when i get a bad "mark" for being late or something
its called an occurrence haha
which sounds so ominous
it does
I hate that
what is this theme of jack johnson and motley crue
do people like nothing else
OH
presales man
this lady looks like a jimmy buffet fan
hahaha
and the coral reefers?
what now
thats his band
oh oh oh oh ok
yeah
haha
lolz
i was doing silly impressions of you last night
ASS
because i miss you, and chris misses you
what did you do
we were making your character on his game
OMG
YES
i just wave my hands around hahaha
thats my impression of you
do I do that
hahahaha
hahahah
yes often lolz
Am I a hand talker?
very much so, all of the time hahaha
I hate that. BUT I AM ONE
NO
I NEVER EVEN SUSP-
NOOO
HAHAHA
chris told me i talk too quietly after i just had a very important conversation with the owner of valley pets
and im like wtf why didnt you say something
he maybe heard nothing
hahaha
haha
god
ha
ha
now martins here
hes so annoying
hes friendly but he doesnt mean it
That's the worst
yea it is
he's the kind of person
martin the kinda nigga
that walks away and starts another conversation while youre still talking to him
I'm that kind of person when I'm with a large group because I don't care about any of them
I only like you and chris really
lol
thats fine haha
but im like the only one that sits beside martin
so he should maybe not walk off when im talking to him lol
oh no
oh okay
is that good? lol
wait wait wait
hes funny and stuff
but not reliable
is he the kind of friendly thats condescending?
only looks out for himself
not really condescending
but not super geniune either
genuine
okay, Because I know people like that
they are nice but talk to you like you're a stray pup
haha
yea i hate those FAGS
I am laughing so hard
I can't stop
im sorry, im full of zingers
not the little cakes but
nan
you know
this is making me laugh so hard
I can't stop
ive seen that hahahaha
I HAVEN'T
this has like set off my laughter
I can't
help
i love discovering new internets
yes
so much work
talk later
ill begetting a tattoo
without chris there
so ill hitchoo up
I tweeted a legitimate question at one of the ticketmaster accounts. Lol.
LATER
SEE YOU
GOOD TATOOING
haha! good.  im gon go on lunch so if it's FB ill see it when im back
ticketmaster helped me.
what did you ask? haha. and on what page?
.@TicketmasterCA is motley crue coming to gary indiana


 @TMfanSupport  8m
@Mterrnova Hi Michael. We don't have a Gary, Indiana show scheduled for that tour at this time. Keep an eye out for any updates. Sorry!
that wasnt me surprisingly hahaha
and those are the most annoying types of questions, btw
I didn't think so.
"is thar gonna be this here?"
haha
Also I don't care if there's a show in gary indiana. I just wanted to see if you would respond so we could have this extra-reality connection
lolololol
and yeah I bet those are the worst
LOOK IT UP FOOL
"extra reality", i like that haha
It's transcends the furthest level existence without getting all spiritual. It's a new concept that I made up as I typed
IT'S SO REAL IT'S EXTRA REAL
thats how most people make up concepts.  like math.
hahaha
math is bullshit.
haha
it's true
math explains so much, but it came from fucking guessing and we took the fucking guessing and made sense of it so we aren't lost in the universe
that's everyoone's worst fear.
OOPS IT'S ALMOST TIME FOR YOU TO GO
i dont wanna gooo
i do but
i dont want to get tattooed right now
im just irritated by today lol
Like it wont be as satisfying because of your day
yes essentially
and im tired
the more stressed you are, the more it hurts
Oh god I'd suck at tattoo
haha "suck at tattoo"
Im trying do hard not to laugh in public
do it
laugh
nowq
NOW
PAVLOV
nan
haha
I didn't send that
Now I'm really laughing
i know, no one actually does lol
What is it
its a thumbs up
everyone's phones send it for some reason
I laughed so hard in an eatery next to this guy for like ten minutes
Im walking and laughing
an "eatery"?  who even says that? weirdo.
Ad usual it wont be funny in the safety ofv inside
haha
THE WORD IS SO FUNNY RIGHT
it is!
Why are restaurant s called that?
who the hell knows
hip phrasing
probably
Im not hip i dont even listen to that white rapper with the weird hair
hahahahaha
thats hilarious
i listen to black rappers like eminem, real thugs
MACKLEMORE
THATS WHO IT IS
I :USED KEYWORD TO FIND HIM
you didnt know his name? i thought that was a joke
hahaha
no
because here are the times I know things about celebrities: .7
hahaha POINT SEVEN
you should be ashamed
I know so many actors names
i guess im on the internet so much that im actually connected to the world now
but I don't know what they look like
it's weird
bella got mad because I get will forte and paul rudd confused
WHATEVER
haha!
dont do that!
chris is the same way
FUCK OFF
i get so pissed
haha
It's not that im taking a stand
about like
"BLAH BLAH MEDIA IS CONSUMING US"
i'm just clueless
lol
i know so is chris haha
i no actresses i think are hot and george Clooney
and a few tv actors
I love tv shows
FUCK MOVIES
haha!
i know ALL of them lol
gotta go fast
tmessage ya later
l8r g8r
hello
dude im having the worst day in my life
what wait why
im the fucking bitch
im everyon'es bitch
at work at home
wherever
elaborate
i get here at 11, one person is in my department.  as soon as i clock in she fake coughs and says barrett let her leave and she leaves.  so ive been here since 11, SLAMMED with work, cant even put a dent in it, and this just keeps happening to me every day
like barrett knows im the bitch and ill always work so he lets everyone else leave
that's bullshit
he's taking advantage of you
not for gain
just because he can
like letting other people leave
just because he knows that "you'll do it"
There is NO logic behind that
the logic is, we are 2 half time employees short and he hasnt hired either of them because why buy the cow?  hunter works for free.
essentially im working for free, im doing 3 peoples' jobs and getting paid for one person's
you have an HR department right?
I mean you can always file a complaint
and he's not allowed to treat you differently for it
HR is a fucking JOKE
they can fire whoever whenever here
I kind of saw that one coming unfortunately
damn
i just want to quit
or kill people
or something
im at my desk crying
If there was somewhere else with the job stability that tm provides I would say try to leave
but it's too inconvenient
I'm guessing
like bad timing
i cant leave here
i would have no where to go
chris works fucking part time and doesnt fucking drive
im like his god damned mom
i have to work here
he works part time?
or he will also lose his job
yes he works part time
dude what the hell
haha
no offense
but like
that is NOT FAIR to you
there is no full time position in his department that fits my time schedule
because you have to take him
there WAS one open in josh's department
right
but he couldnt sink THAT low
are you kidding
That's a little disappointing
tell him that
i tried
josh fucking offered him the job basically
full time
he was going to interview him
If it's still open you bet your ass I'll talk to him
you're killing yourself while he acts like a kid
it's not fair
he knows that
no im sure josh has already filled the position
and i think now you see why i talk to josh
because hes an adult
Yeah I may not like him much but he's not as immature as chris.
it appears
In the real world you can't hold a grudge like that
im sure chris will read this, i dont give a fuck.  he just gets angry and doesnt actually try to improve the situation.
Yeah I was thinking that as I typed this
i dont care
after the josh thing, dont you think he would have tried a LITTLE harder?
like, it should have been obvious to him that i needed something he isnt providing
I care if he reponds to me being upset about this, I think he would know this doesn't change my overall opinion of him, but it's not good.
no this is me talking to you.  youre my friend first.
this is not good
I am
but I like chris
however
I just lost a little respect for him
that is the issue
i know but if he cant keep his nose out of my business for 2 god damned seconds
maybe he needs to know some shit that i feel
that i try telling him
none of this is news to him
ive told him all of this
I don't know what to tell you. You've probably been as assertive as you could be.
You're miserable constantly and I just thought it was by chance, but it was actually by someone else's choice.
this situation could have drmatically improved
i mean im a depressed person, i cant blame him for that.  but i like to be spontaneous, im a hard worker, he is too but only when i force him to be
which is not good
have to ask him to clean
one his extra day off
I'm not blaming him
hes a terror to get out of bed in the morning, kind of like a 15 year old boy
I'm just saying this would be a lot easier if he would have taken that job
if he would just try to be an adult, if he would maybe ACT 5 years older than me, i would be a lot less stressed
Understandable. You need to feel like you're in an adult relationship.
It's pretty obvious you don't.
There has to be a way to solve that
i run the business, i work the most hours, i drive the car, i take care of the animals, i clean, i cook
You can solve things one step at a time.
What's the first thing that can be done?
i tried the easiest thing
Chris could get his driver's license..
i tried to get him to PICK a pair of shoes that he liked
Wait what
just because he dresses like a slob all of the time.  and im sure youve notice that i do too, because who am i trying to impress?  he wears dirty clothes whenever he can.
i kept trying to get him to find dress shoes for the xmas thing
OH ok
and every time i suggested something that looked good
he said i just wanted him to look like fucking josh.  it's so fucking frustrating.  now because i want him to take some pride in his appearance, he thinks i want him to be josh.
I mean I don't care how people dress, I shop at target and gabes, it's just maybe dirty clothes aren't a good thing haha
hm
no you dont understand
that's really childish dude
That's jealousy on a exponential level
he would not have the clothes he has if i didnt buy them for him, or if he didnt buy them 5 years ago
i got a gift card for my bday
for tj maxx
and i went in there and spent my money on fucking shampoo for me, and i bought him a new pair of shoes because they are the EXACT same shoes he already has, except a different color.
thats how much i want him to care
I see I see.
This isn't ABOUT the clothes or the shoes, but his reaction to the clothes and shoes are the BEST EXAMPLE of the dynamic in your relationship
explain?
like you're mad about his reaction to you suggesting that he care a little more about things like his appearance. But his responses are the same whether it's about clothes, work, cleaning, anything in your life. He keeps displacing his feelings about your friendship with josh on to everything else. The work thing and the shoes thing have BOTH been about josh
That's how he reacts to everything
you should talk to him about this
because he probably hasnt read my shit, hes probably playing games
ill go ahead and delete this
im just at my wits end
okay. I've just got to figure out how to engage him without being blame-y or feel like an outsider. He's probably just shut me out.
he will liusten to you
just tell him the kinds of things ive mentioned to you "over the months"
YEah, okay
and that today say like "i know that you know shes having an especially bad day"
and then explain to him some things that might help
and try to identify with him even if you cant so he doesnt feel like youre attacking him
yeah, I getcha. The only issue is every time he and I discuss something, I end up having to be on his side for the most part, because he won't hear me out.
which is what I'm woried about
this week I'll give it a try though
if he doesnt hear you out, i will scream in his face
josh is my fucking FRIEND.
and i use that term loosely
but you know what?  ive caught him blatantly flirting with other girls online before
worse than anything that josh has ever said to me
and he acts like josh is this huge thing
i shoudl go back to YOU DELETED YOUR FB PASSWORD WHEN I FIGURED IT OUT BECAUSE YOU TALKED TO YOUR EX ON THERE
WHICH IS A FACT
I don't really understand him all that well.
He comes off as not like that, but he is I suppose
he has changed substantially
but in a different way
he would never cheat on me now
now he just acts miserable
OH
like we've been married for 30 years
as in "now that I'm all settled down and committed to being faithful, rather than flirt with other girls to cause fights as I did before, I'll just make it clear that now that I can't, I feel tied down and miserable"
Yeah what you just said
ive never looked at it that way, it doesnt seem that way...he honestly is very antisocial and doesnt even like going out, any time his friends take him to a strip club he calls me to come get him
he's just become like....i dont know, boring?
I can kind of identify with it. He sounds depressed.
he has the shortest attention span ever, cant watch more than half a movie with me before hes talking to people on his tablet about fucking VAPES
The whole lashing out thing, nothing seems to make him happy, being childish and antisocial
thats all he cares about
vapes?
yes
he doeswnt even care about the animals anymore, i can tell
I thought it was just like a side hobby he liked or something
i mean he cant make a business out of it
but hes always begging me to order more fucking JUICES and TANKS and MODS
and im like NO YOU FUCKING HAVE ONE IN YOUR HAND
the things i buy, im investing in, to make money from
his stuff is just so he looks cool in front of his vape friends
like, i want to do drugs right now.  i dont want to be a junkie or anything but i need stress relief
You know you shouldn't though
shouldnt what? i deleted stuff lol
HAHAHAHA
never telling
fine psh
Today, I told someone that I hope they get "taken." How would you interpret the quotes around that? I need to make sure I got my point across
HAHAHA
well
i imagine plague doctors coming and collecting someone in the night because that person is deemed to crazy for society
damn
that sounds good
but
I was thinking more...you're liam nessons's daughter and are taken by human traffickers just like in the film "taken"
ive never seen that because i suck
It's not bad
I have both on DVD laser movie
hahaha
It's just liam neeson being really freaking calm about his daughter becoming a sex slave, and saving her by killing a bunch of people
HE' SO CALM
I don't even remember his character's name
hahaha
Qui-Gon Jin is the last person I remember him playing
that's just gonna be his name
yes!!
i love qui gon
WORD
he was like the most hippiest of the jedis haha
He was
he was like TAKE LIFE AS IT COMES DUDE
well
he did die
lol
hahahaha
i was like NOOOOO
darth maul was literally the most horrifying sith lord
So good
darth maul was my first crush.  say anything about me as a person? hahaha
one of mine was miley cyrus in the CHARACTER of hannah montana
say anything about us as people?
holy god
i feel like mine is weirder but yours is grosser
haha
that grinch photo
I am dying
I KNOOOOO
hahaha
laugh
laughing
*laughing*
i am
i wish i could
my eyes are still red
aw man
i always spell bruno mars
burno mars
on accident
I don't see wh
at
OH
BURN-O
hahaha
qhaha
yes exactly hahaha
I learned today that you can literally catch "madness" from being a cannibal
I think zombies are eminent
you can catch madness?
hahaha
it has a name, but like, you have like fits of laughter and convulsions, a really hilarious gait
among other insane people things
oh that sounds fun actually
haha
Like if you wanna go crazy, eat a human's flesh
good god
someone is posting a videos of thme "lighting a snowball on fire" demonstrating how dirty our water is "smh"
It's not that bad  hahaha
hahahahaha
as if
"smh"
"safe"
"smg"
smh
I hate that
i hate it a lot
ive never said that
or typed it
haha
"shake mai damned head..."
just in coversation loool
conversation
I just perform the action
yes me as well
It sends the strongest message.
i have no taken a break or lunch
i just want to be done with this and leave
oh my
been sitting and moving my legs constantly for 7 hours
I had a coffee# earlier and it was #no good legs move a lot
you should move something else instead
moving legs to prevent clots
make beat with hands on legs stop clots
read that in groups of two words
It sounds liek a mad lip
lib
it does
anything read in groups of two sounds like that
dude i cant stop typing
too much mother fucking work
ive gotta go
alrighty
hello again, my busy companion
hi there
less busy today! haha
chris spent the day cleaning the house yesterday which was nice
and i told him to get over josh
good
I had a similar problem with bella recently, it wasn't about a person, but literally being like "get over it" kind of works wonders lol
i told him to act like an adult and to get the fuck over josh, and that i couldnt believe he turned down that interview. i said, if i love josh so fucking much, why wouldnt i have taken the interview myself?
josh straight up told me id hate/be bad at the job, so i volunteered chris because josh understands that we need money
I'm really glad you did that
how did he respond?
just basic responses, i dont even remember lol
i got paid today, thank baby jesus
praise eem
i have JUST enough to pay rent/ bills/ food/gas
i always take out 200 for food/gas
Your car gets pretty good milage
eh its like decent mileage
20 bucks will last me 4 days
that's not bad
its not great either haha
but i think we'll get about 2500 back on taxes
which would be enough for a better c ar
That's REALLY good considering.
Yeah it would be
im hoping thats what we get back haha
not positive yet
i made 20k this year
woot!
somehoe haha
how
Awesome! haha
im just sooo tired....i have to come in an hour early tomorrow
i feel like a zombie
I hope another full time position opens up soon. You and chris could be bringing home close to double that, which for two people is REALLY good. haha. I was just thinking about that, because my mom made about 40k for like three years and it was enough to cover everything
azombie?
dude me too
I woke up super eearly, and then went back to sleep, and then woke up again
haha
yes im incredibly tired haha.  but youre right, if chris got a full time position we'd be set.  it makes sense that i made that much though because ive spent like 8-9k on animals hahaha
You did lol
i only get sundays to sleep in, they are my favorite days
If only you could count them as dependents
haha
i honestly probably should register my business with taxes because i make a small amount of money off of it, but as of now im laying low haha.  i dont want taxed for geckos.
yeah yeah yeah haha
I would wait a little longer but def plan on it
ill do it once it's my full time job, for sure
in like 2 years
yeah!
i think we're gonna use the SC rec center for the next show
parking will be much better lol
really?
oh ok
yeah that makes sense
yea we were gonna do the civic center but theyve ignored our calls
and parking would be horrific
Oh god lol it would
so i got my gecko finished lol
took 3-4 hours to color
that dude is THOROUGH
yeah I saw! it looks good
thank you haha now it's scabbing and its leaking a little plasma, i woke up and the ink had bled out and ruined my white sheets -.-
oh damn
That would be annoying
yea chris looked at it like "wtf did you leak out?"
hahahaha]
hahahaha
"YOU'RE LEAKING"  
*SLAMS HANDS*
HAHAHA
STOP LAUGHING
*SPREADS MAYO* 
ANGERRRR
ew gross mayoi
speaking of which
HAHAHA
i had a tuna sammich last night
I knew you hated it.
yum
and it had mayo
ew
thats the only way i like mayo
that would be awful with mayo
mayo
mayo
OH\
OK
mayonaise
is not an instrument
hahaha
springboob
hahahahahahaha
i just want this week to be over right now
the worst part about bills
is the physical act of paying them
haha
each bill has a different login online, some of the bills you have to get a money order for, some you have to call in
it's annoying
that's some shit
Money orders
that's a hassle
yea i fucking hate money orders
http://www.buzzfeed.com/erinchack/reasons-to-appreciate-bobby-moynihan-on-his-37th-birthday
omg hahaha
yes
that dude is my favorite
also love tarin killthem or whatever his name is hahah
no no
tear 'n' kill 'em
haha
Why would his parents name him that hahaha
I ask that question about a lot of people
like people named "keith"
keith is a terrible name
god it is
ever seen that "music video", nigga stole my grizzly?
IM A G
DAT NIGGA STOLE MY GRIZZLE-EY
no haha
listen to it on youtube
it's like ahalf retarded guy
its crazy
I never understand why there are advertisements before pirated videos. Like they shouldn't even exist, yet big company's ads are playing lol
yea ive started getting 2 pop ups even with ad block on
It's like BUY TAMPAX but what are you doing  advertising on an illegal link basically
exactly!  it makes zero sense
Coven was a SHAM.
it was written for only girls to enjoy
i know =/
it was good
but poorly written
it copied a lot of the themes from the finale of asylum
yes it did
quite a few
My new theory about the fourth season is Roswell based. Because it's a 50's period piece and they've done the whole asylum thing, where else can you go? It would be so awesome
i would love to see just aliens
haha
what has caused my deep obsession with aliens
I'm so afraid of them
fascination of fear i guess
I like think up the worst possible, most vile things aliens could do when I watch aliens in a movie.
haha
I used to (still) read those stories online where people are like "MY ABDUCTION STORY"
dude have you seen the justin beiber tape
where hes like possessed or something
look up justin beiber possessed
hahahahah
no
omg
"Justin Bieber shapeshifter eyes in Miami courtroom. Reptilian?? "
are you goddamn kidding
it also says
"illuminati"
hahahahahahahahahahahah
watch it though
its really fucking weirde
weird
that is weird as HELLLLL
but it's a really low quality cmera
ALSO
he might be satan
so there's that
It's definitely lagging pixels
but I wanna believe it's the devil incarnate
it looks so real though
or "reptilian illumanti"
i just think he sold his soul for success. he started out on god damned youtube.  he had to do something to get to where he is,
all of a sudden he's resisting arrest, growing weed in his house, throwing eggs at his neighbors house, spitting on fans
thats some evil shit
I wish psychologist would study the effect he's having on young girls
No other pop star in history has had fans back them up for getting a DUI
It's really twisted
the way some of his fans behave
it's like they're puppets
exactly....
hes the master of puppets
pulling their strings
and being a demon
I would believe he was a government experiment. Not canadian. But like some sadistic united states project
lol
allegedly there's videos of dog's losing their shit when just biebers music plays
lololol
I will confirm this
whaaat hahahaha
I'm looking it up
do it! lol
not real
dammit haha
people are idiots
im going to look on buzzfeed and see if they post something about the beiber thing
they probably will
They posted this list of mythological monsters the other day
i read it!!
Every time I hear a noise  I think it's the jersey devil
the wendigo lol
OH GOD
That thing
it's like an elk with exaggerated features
and a mean face
its a cannibal person lol
I'm trying to find the article I lost it
nooo
lolo
I'm so afraid of the jersey devil
dude
did you see
That british people are afraid of the equivalent of black house cats that are just a little bit bigger than normal
And they sent the military after them
yes!  the BBCs hahaha
good god
I hate british people
british broadcasting cats
EXACTLY OMG
hahaha
thats what i thought as soon as i saw it haha
i want to CREATE a monster
i guess i am hybridizing some species
but thats nothing new, just frowned upon lol
because people are retarded
I hate videos with titles that include things like -"smuggled out at GREAT RISK" "RARE!!!!!!!!11" "PROOF"
hahaha so rare that its on youtube
EXFUCKING ZACTLY
WHY
you know who i want to murder? hahaha
who.
fucking ron lanham and joe perdue, the happy go lucky liars that run RTDS
i wuold back over them with my car ten times
dear god
they'd be dead by five
i know
Let's make it clear to the NSA that you don't intend to do that
HAH
i obviously am not and never will be a murderer
but its not illegal to think about hurting someone
no but they can question you. I've seen it happen
EVIL SPIES
I get paranoid
fine, question me NSA, ask me about my gecko issues hahaha
i could use another ear to vent to anyways
Steven peoples got put on a government watch list years ago and I had to be his alibi when homeland security came to his house
haha
he said something much more idiotic though
much more
oh yes
it was bad
hes an idiot
I maybe should have just let it happen
..
i would have but whatever lolx
so many emails
im alone again here haha
emails
what is this
2001
they try to send us hate every avenue they can
wait who are we talking about
fans/customers
im at work
like always
alone
martin called off
i need money, i cant call off
im getting sick and tired of being the only one in my department
Yeah I would be tired of that as well considering
it just gives me time to sit and add more people to the list of people i despise
hahaha
I love those lists
Today, (despite some variation of agoraphobia I must have) I'm being forced to go to a large public place, and take notes on what people are doing for an assignment. I am dreading this lol
whaaat haha that sounds fun
I HATE PEOPLE WATCHING
some people like it
"subject A looks slightly downsy, is picking nose"
hahahaha
lolol
thats what i would do
have fun with it
The worst part for me is going to be the sound of silence. It's in the library, so if someone does pick their nose, or turn a page, or smack their lips, it resonates
It's like a digusting thanksgiving dinner
HA
I hate family dinners
lol
but no one will notice you, because youre the silent observer
fruit dont talk, it just waits, and listens
that's true
I hope I see someone watching porn on their computer or something
or in an adult chatroom
hahaha report every detail
Subject looks hot and bothered
for some reason that phrase seems so ambiguous
hot and bothered
hahaaha
hahahaha
i love that phrase
its so weird
i hate that chris is leaving parks and rec
i know DDD:
I can deal with anne perkins
he is LITERALLY my favorite
she's kind of a bitch
I KNOW
i also love tom
hahaha
I like pretty much all of them haha
ben isn't my favorite
though
i think hes kinda cute
but thats it
he's awkward
he was awesome in step brothers though haha
I thin kthat's the point
OH YEAH
hahah
man i hate not getting to shower
ive been showering like every other day
wasn't there another spill
because i dont want that water in my healing tattoo
i dont know i dont even care at this point
haha
yeah
theyre just trying to kill us
its whatever
It could be..
very well could be.  could be obama trying to push out coal. who knows.
SO SUBTLE
west virginai is being "deleted"
virginai
hahahaha
ver-gine-eye
it sucks that youre gonna be gone until march
how long are you staying when you get here?
well like half a wekk
week
thats so lame dude =/
Yeah :
/
I just ,made promises to go to kent the first weekend, and then go to morgantown for half a week
I may try and come back another weekend or something
youre gonna miss every one of my shows D:
I AM NOT
when is the one in april
the 19th
maybe not
I get out of class like around that time
maybe I could come back that weekend
you could try to if its not too much trouble
btw, how is it living with your room mate? haha
I HAVE NO ROOMMATE
he moved to a frat
which wasn't a bad move
this dorm is too goddamn expensive
I'm debt because of it
I'm moving into an apartment next year
It literally costs less to living in my fucking house
and there's like 75 sq ft of space in here
christ, how much a month?
10,800 a year (nine month period) so 1200 permonth
WHAT THE FUCK
enough room for a bed desk and a piece of furniture to hold clothes
get an apartment
YEP
I am
I'll literally save
thats absolutely insane
60-70% percent
I KNOW
gahh my fuggin tattoo hurts so much because of this dry air
Ew
dry air
That sounds soawful
and i just feel dirty and uncomfortable, and i have to go see my dad after work -.-
i want to go home and sleep
forever
that is a real struggle
my biggest frustration
is that i cant breed all of my geckos yet
because half of my males havent been shipped to me
does weather have anything to do with taht
yes
lots
they cant get too hot or too cold
but i may have these geckos shipped with heat packs
because im tired of waiting
helo
hey
hi friend
im so bored
help me
that's good because the other day you had so much work you couldn't breathe
lol
but it's also shitty
yea either im swamped or bored to death haha
The best thing I've ever been told: There is a "sonic hedgehog" gene
oh yea i heard about that haha
I HAVE NEVER HEARD THIS
It's so hilarious
I am also bored btw
omg there is a protein that inhibits it, and it's called Robotnikinin.
HAHA
I miss my gamecube
chris was just talking about modding an n64
he wants to paint our black one
really?
yep, silver with crackled blue paint on top
may or may not actually happen lol
He messaged me last night asking for a five second clip of a ragtime song. I provided
Do you remember the sonic themed gamecube? or did I just dream that up when I was a kid
Or was it a dreamcast
I DUNNO
I think I imagined it. either way  Iwas mad I didn't get it
i have a wii with a sonic sticker skin on it haha
NOT THE SAME
no not the same
man im just so excited for this upcoming season
we got one fertile egg the other night
it has begun!
HUZZAH! FERTILITY! PRAISE AMUN!
theres is LITERALLY nothing more satisfying to me than working on these projects
seriously
lit-rally
yes haha
thats how i meant it to be heard
i know becuse you emphasized it
exactly
but
we bred our first leos the other night
it took our male super giant sunglow like 2 days to mate our female super giant albino
just because shes so long
that he could position himself effectively haha
*don't laugh in public*
*TRYING*
help
hahaha
he finally got it in though
ff
gotta breed him with some other girls too
ergknkgn
m
m
sorry
hahahaha
couldn't look at that
but that's awesome
*go time*
it IS go time
go go gadget "lizard penis"
erm, penises
peni
if we're getting technical, hemipenes
we must stop now
person sitting near me
holding in chuckle
HOWS WORK TODAY
i know that feel
HAHA
work is oay
okay
the TM site is down
but only for our call center
which makes zero sense
so like half of it works
what
no it works for everyone except the people in this call center haha
that's like if looking at photos was broken on facebook but everything else works
that's oddly specific
yes it's weird
and makes my job harder
but thank god we're not busy
praise his holy name
all the way in kolob
with joseph smith
and jesus
chris thinks mormons are fascinating haha
I think that they're idiots
like all religions are stupid
but this guy
actually said he started having conversations with jesus when he was 14
and told everyone to wear special underwear
and he said jesus deflowered mary
or something
oh my god wtf
thats gross
yeah
Like
orgasmic holy waterbirth
apparently
there was no virgin birth
god fucked the shit out of mary
hahaha
she mustve been pretty special to be god's main squeeze
yeah. i mean she was outside a motel when all of this happened
I can't believe i just said got fucked the shit out of mary
you did just say that
MOVING ON
lol
w,
Apparently matt is going on a school trip with his agroscience class to like two zoos in ohio to handle reptiles and things
I think that's really interesting
Like after the zoo closes he still gets to be there and like learn from the people that work there
I don't like zoos too much though
that is really cool
and zoos are kind of shit
RIGHT
in so many ways
but matts out there, doin him u no
hahahaha
doin him
u no
im glad he likes reptiles so much
OH
so i keep inviting my little brothers over to see my animals
and my parents still havent brought them over
and i mentioned it to her in front of them the other day
and forest was like, mom wont let us go over
and that pissed me off
what
why not?
because she thinks we'll be a bad influence on them
shes never even been in our house either
only dad has
you wouldn't be a bad influence on a child
maybe a teen
but not a child
(jokes)
but yeah if she's never been over she shouldn't suggest ANYTHING
shes just a bitch
like, we're so proud of what we've accomplished with our business, and she knows this
and i want to share that with my little brothers and educate them
but shes too much of a bigot to let that happen
she's like subtle though it seems
like she's not DIRECTLY mean
but she's like really transparent about it
which is even worse
yea
i think im going to ask my dad about it
good idea
because thats just rude
i go over there all the time to see them
http://imgur.com/gallery/40MRSUu
dear god
???
little wayne
oh yea
hahaha
i love imgur when im bored at work
God I love it
haha
boss just told me he appreciated me being so consistent and reliable and that every time he coaches me on something, i take his advice and fix the problem and ive just improved a ton since i started here i guess
it was nice to hear something positive lol
That's awesome
you complain a lot about that place, it's nice that they notice you are the one actually giving a shit haha
yea i mean it's really a ot like high school
to be quite frank
my "teacher" is very lenient and lets me do whatever, but makes me work a ton, and sometimes i get kudos for it
i asked him today if i could redeem my free 10 minute break
and he looked at me like i was crazy
and hes just like, honey, i dont care.  i appreciate you telling me though
hahaha
hahaah
i take a shit ton of personal breaks anyways
i hate when you eat grapes and accidentally put one of those TINY, SHRIVELED ones into your mouth and it feels like you just ate an old womans toe
hahaha!
all fruits are like that
you have to pick through the gross ones
and get the NICE, RIPE ones
i like strawberries and sugar
im disgusting haha
no I like them with chocolate
chocolate is good too
but with the sugar you still get that pure flavor but its extra sweet
hey
heylo
dude i am so stressed and busy right now haha
this reptile show is hell
goddamn
no one wants to just sign the god damned application
half of my vendors just make me wait until last minute
Isn't that sort of necessary to sign?
they know they have to
be pushier
i message people like 3 times a week
i dont wont to be rude and make them not vend though
OH right okay
hm
God.
Just hope that one day they aren't all lazy morons who don't understand how difficult it is to organize a show
i can really only hope
or that if you do enough of these one day you'll be helping someone organize a show in an area where people don't behave like kids and you can pass this off to someone else
I just don't get why no one would just sign
they ahve to know that it's a hassle to get all of these signatures
i guess ill send mor emessages lol
that's all you can do. GODSPEED. HENTASTE.
THANK YOU
lol
very appealing flyer
thank you!  those are my babies on dere =]
heylo
hi there
whats up hoomieee
just chilling for real word
what is up with you
watching some vice videos, eating ramen and garlic grilled cheese haha
that sounds delicious lol
I keep fantasizing about putting garlic butter on grilled cheese today
its so good
you have to
I. NEEEEEED. IT
dad got me one of those long plug in griddles
it saves my life every day
Those are wonderful
it makes me feel like a chef
like guy fieri chef or gordon ramsay a chef
hahah
my grandma has one
and I feel like a functioning adult when I use it. Like YES. fresh cook very good
hahaha
well dude people are blowing me up about the expo and chris is wanting me to watch tv so ill catchya later dawg
L8R DAWG
remember the dude from arrested development with face blindness lol
yes haha
Did you know it's real? I didn't until literally just now and I'm stunned
yep i saw it on hanniba;
hannibal
NOOOOOOOOooooooo
THAT IS THE MOST HORRIFYING THOUGHT
I thought it was like the roofie circle
just a made up thing for the show lol
DAMN IT
haha!
you need to watch hannibal
like
FOR REAL
I used to watch it
haven't since last year
i finshed the first season
waiting on the 2nfd
my uncle fred died yesterday morning.  i didnt find out until i logged onto FB at work this morning.  i just sat there and cried until i could pull myself together enough to go home
Oh my
I'm so sorry
that's an awful way ot find out
it is, apparently everyone knew yesterday
and just no one told me
he was my favorite uncle, he got me into reptiles as a kid
Yeah I see your post there
I'm sorry (again)
I'm not good with these kinds of things
but I am sorry
I can see how he was special to you
i know im terrible with them too haha
but hes the only person who has died and made me cry
same with my grandpa
I don't care about anyone else's life anymore
not as a whole
but
you know
if they die I won't be as sad as that one time
ect
yea it conditions you to life
or desenstizes
whoichever
both
I'm bad with death
I left my grandpas funeral and all of the christians scowled at me
I came back and felt like I was surrounded by a flock of hungry ravens
it was awful
haha
i dont think my family is really like that
its not about the religion
its about the person
that's how it should be
only my mom and I really knew my grandfather
everyone else just associated him with his church
that's literally all they knew about him
He was deeply into literature and I found an awesome poem to read
NO
not christian
man fuck christians
people are worth more than their faith
absolutely
but imbeing FB bombarded right now, which seems to be happening literally every day, and it stresses me out pretty badly.  i just have to close my laptop and turn off my phone sometimes.  but chris wants me to play some game with him anyways... youre like my brother michael and i value your life above a lot of others, i just want you to know that.
I understand, and yeah me too.
I hope what I said about not valuing the lives of others wasn't taken out of context
haha
no it wasnt
lolz
i just want you to know, because life is short i guess
death makes you evaluate mortality and what's important
it does
i cried like a baby
curled up on the couch
That's good though
crying precedes felling better
thats true
i cried and cried
and then spent 4 hours feeding geckos
lol
I didn't cry for months and had to see a clinical psychologist hahahaha
when I finally did I was like man, I hate psychology
hahaha
i need a therapist
i just dont have time right now
i go into rage fits
where i want to kill people
I feel
I've been on the opposite of suicide watch before
my therapist thought I was going to kill someone in my dorm
lol
this was like a year ago though
THEY CAN HELP WITH THAT ODDLY ENOUGH
with their witchcraft
yeah you just have to have time
yea when im able to quit my job maybe ill get a therapist but for now im not spending my one day off on a weekday in a doctors office
yeah understandably I wouldn't either
therapy isn't like the doctor, it's more like shopping at whole foods
gecko people are blowing me the fuck up and im about to rip out my hair haha, and i just got more vendors for the show which is so stressful
But that's GOOD
lol
i dont like cutting our convos short but it's like im working constantly now, even when im at home
u r
i have to seriously DEFEND the way i keep my geckos
in the community everyone is always questioning or attacking people who do things differently
so on a daily basis im swatting idiot flies away
What do you mean the way you keep them?
my methods of feeding, what i feed, what i house them in, which ones i buy and why, which ones i breed to who and why, how often i mist them, what kind of water i use, do i keep them separate or communally, etc
I saw someone comment about what you house them in
I think in the past few months several times
Like you would use something that you shouldn't
dude just...if you want to see me scientifically beat some people DOWN, go join Supermodel Exotics.  im an admin.  right now this dick with hundreds of geckos is trying to say hand feeding geckos is bad, and im beating his ass at every turn
it's fun to watch people you dont like look like idiots but it's hard work and just stressful
what would be bad about hand feeding?
join the group and read hahaha
its ridiculous
its the very first post
mine usually are =P
im just had the blind rage equivalent to a panic attack
what why?
because people attacked me about my gecko feeding while im having a personal crisis
and i feel like chris cant even connect with me
he has no idea what im feeling
i tried to explain
but all i can say is that i feel rage and sadness stronger than anyone and that he'll never be able to understand
which is true
Yeah that's probably true. not necessarily an awful thing though
it is though
i just went crazy with rage
i started shaking and i sat on my bed and grabbed the carpet and then threw some shit and ran out of my room, at which point i lost oxygen and i feel in the floor and just scratched at it in anger
fell
and i cant stop crying
its like this fight or flight feeling.  i want to either kill myself or someone else, or get in my car and go as fast as i can until i hit something
that's a panic attack
a variation of one but definitely a panic attack
that's happened to me before
i dont know what to do about it
i want drugs to make me happy again
but my klonopin arent working, i took like 6
i have no weed because im broke
and i have shitty friends
i dont want to be around chris because hes just doing vape shit and elder scrolls shit on the computer
im literally in a glass case of emotion
I wish you had a minute for therapy
like
it would do you good
i know that it would
and i wish that i did
without therapy sometimes drugs don't work
i know, the drugs do work for what theyre supposed to...which is anxiety attacks
im no longer shaking
but i dont know how to control my mind
at all
but the feeling is still there
yep
it suppresses the physiological issues but the PSYCHOLOGICAL ones are still  there
which sometimes can be worse
yes i know
i mean im feeling like killing or destroying something
so thats not good
i want drugs really badly
also not good
You have a lot on your plate
i do and im not sure i want it
but still
i dont know what to do about this responsibilty
It's just
all on my shoulders
you have a lot on your plate and
well
..no help
You're stressed
i am
constantly
from the moment i wake up in the morning until my head hits the pillow, and then some
but if i dont care of this stuff
no one will
plus i need my job
to live
I shared that exotic animal ban petition on tumblr. Someone shared it. DOIN WORK
GOOD JERB
NEW BECK
LISTEN TO IT
will do today. making note.
you have to today or you wont get another chance until the 25th
it's on NPR's site
OH OH OH
ok
then definitely today
damn
yes!
i freaked out as SOON as i saw it, sent it to josh, and he's like "already listening"
-.-
but dude...today one of my professors was talking about sound or something, and was like "Man I hope motley crue is louder than 110 dB! They're going on their farewell tour this year! I got tickets!" I was like....."did u git them fr0m huntur"
but why are they releasing it on npr today?
hahaha
i dunno, they call it a "listening party" i think
stupid hippies
I love npr
but god
stupid hippies
hahaha
I'm excited to hear this though
stupid hippies
haha
it's like a glass half full sequeal to Sea Change
it's so good
introspective music that plays while you pull away from your old house and watch it disappear over the horizon from the back window of a 87' chevy
thats what this sounds like
this will make you laugh
i went to elementary/middle school with this girl
nan
fuck
why did I decide after sitting down in public that now is the best time to read that
hahahahaha
i sent it to josh and then i was like, no he wont think this is funny, only michael will
lololol
her banner on fb reads "my love for you is bulletproof but you're the one who shot me" with a gun on it
hahahaha
her statuses make me laugh daily
I'm adding her
do it! i couldnt resist, i knew she would post shit like that hahaha
I hav 2 tell u somthin
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10201234402003934&set=a.2831526829129.2113683.1287878310&type=1&theater
hahaha
tell me
it's aLLLLL in the link
*chuckles*
*laughs uncontrollably*
hahahaha
shes like a juggalo but maybe funnier
so much funnier
usually i want to say something but i dont just so i can watch it keep happening
what is legion of the black
you know I will
so get ready for top grade entertainment
haha yes!
legion of the black?
sounds like the goth kids from south park
it's says that was where she worked
OMG
haha
she works at a fast food joint
so maybe
KFC?
BVB army at legion of the black
and macdonalds
MCDONALDS
hahaha
dude hahahahahahaha
look at her BVB tattoo
she just got
on her chest
She hasn't accepted me yet
ah okay
she will, and youll get to laugh like i did
some people are like gifts
they just keep giving
that's so true
hahahaha
There is this girl who keeps sitting near my in the library who smells like ham and sauerkraut, and I'm gonna read it in front of her and lugh like a crazy man
Why do I always have to have a plan
I enjoy plans
hahahahaha
i love plans too!
theyre my favorite thing probably in the world
Sometimes I say things and I feel like dennis and it bothers me a little bit
like when did my life chane from asking people to do things to forcing them to
hahahaha
im having a dennis conversation right now with chris, trying to tell him that if we disbanded our military and started anarchy, that privately funded militias would be the way to go
i like to make people do things
with my mind
democracy is dead, btw
Democracy is stupid
Also that's rediciulous hahaha
ridiculous
i dont even care anymore dude
so many people die daily all over the world from violence and bigotry
id be willing to try anything at this point
china owns us for christ sakes
They don't. Thats not a real fact. Debt in reality means nothing. Everyone is in debt, it's a perpetual cycle. But I want to live in a partiAlly socialized country like Canada or Australia where you can just enjoy what you do and not worry about starving to death
Haha
SHE ACCEPTED ME
hooray for the winners!
I CANT WAIT TO HASTE THIS GIRL
i mean hassle wow
it was leaning towards "taste" and i was slightly worried about the one that smells like sauerkraut
haha
you know how they say "ohana" in lilo and stitch all the time?
watch this kaitlyn status
omg the top comments https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151758055457834&set=t.1287878310&type=1&theater
so hot nd so nice
hahahahahahah
mean comments but jesus put your gross titties away
if you dont want someone to mention them, dont flap them about in peoples' faces!
prepare for a shit storm on that anxiety attack comment hahaha
I'm storming her statuses with comments that make me look so stupid
hahaha
i must watch
"if anyone needs to get a hold of me tonight, the only way will be texting" -posted to facebook 54 mintues ago
what? haha
this chick s pretty entertaining
I told her " Panic attacks aren't real I should know because I'm a professional wrestler"
i laughed so hard when i saw that
that i had to explain it to chris
so someone actually leaked morning phase a week ago
damn
That makes sense
haha
I''ll look for the leak.
I hate myself
lol
hahahahaha
you know?
like you dont wanna
but...
you have to
ya know
lol
im having an album listening party with no one invited :3
just chris because he hasnt heard it haha
i have sailor jerrys
im so sorry i forgot you love alcohol
hahaha
I do : (
let's cyber drink
"hens!"
"to pesto!"
"burp"
"blech...cream...hen..."
"crazy pesto cream hen"
hah
hjahahaha
what even
pesto cream hen
im laughing
so hard
hey so ive been watching nothing but reno 911
and it's by far the best sketch show
ever
so dude tell me if im reading into this too much
but i have to know what people are thinking/ how they perceive me or it eats at me
this may sound crazy but im a little crazy
yesterday josh parked on the opposite side of the parking lot, with no other cars around, straight facing my car.  like his car was watching me in a big open lot.
and when i turned my car on his headlights lit up too, from mine
it was a little odd to me
Hes a freak dude haha I have no idea couod just be him being him!
i feel like a crazy person for even trying to connect something there
but then again, hes kinda weird
I'd Connect something. Hes weird as shit. He   Probably using his car to court your car
That's kind of the vibe i got?
hahahaha
and then before i left yesterday he walked over and talked to me and martin for a minute, which only happens on rare occasions
because he hides behind a giant divider all day
actually all night, he works until like 2 AM
I bet he forced your car to pose for photographs
oh no D:
my car has been abused
Get a kit done on it. See if her "oil has been changed." Or just put a photo of your car on his and see if the antenna stands up
OH MY GOD HAHAHA
fucking herby fully loaded
Thank you for also thinking that movie is sexually loaded
It's nasty hahaha
it is!
lindsay lohan
that red headed slut
I am in class laughing again fuck you
hahahaha
im so sorry
so i just made my grocery list
by scrolling through a buzzfeed list of weird pasta
and picking which ones i want to eat
hahaha
I totally get it haha
i just got so much info on a gecko i own
baby photos, hatch date, parent photos, grandparent info
What?
Like a newer one?
nitemare
my favorite
nan
she's big now
electricity
shocking
I was reading about something in psych, and it said "FOR THIS YOU RECEIVE SOMETHING UNDESIRED: AN ELECTRIC SHOCK TO THE ARM"   I thought of our relationship
hahaha
so much electrcitiy
i cant spell
chris is so funny
im sending him these awesome images that Art Geckos has photoshopped and made awesome, and hes just so jealous that he cant do it
https://www.facebook.com/ArtGeckos.Ben/photos/a.317848038338194.1073741826.317843118338686/461567807299549/?type=1&theater
omg
isnt that amazing?  he made/drew like every part
Yes it's insane
i buy geckos from that guy lol
he has some with hearts on them
that he didnt even digitally manipulate
their pattern will change as they grow but right now they have hearts
https://www.facebook.com/ArtGeckos.Ben/photos/a.317848038338194.1073741826.317843118338686/462078547248475/?type=1&theater
1. Hitler did nothing wrong

2. Gushing Granny

3. Fapple

4. Diabeetus

5. Gushin' Granny

6. Grannies Squirt

7. Gushing Grannies

8. Gooshing Granny

9. Fapulous Apple

10. Gushing Green Granny

11. Moist Nugget

12. Sour Granny Slap

13. Meany Greeny

14. Granny Mist

15. What the apple did you just appleing say about me, you little apple? Ill have you know I graduated at the top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I
what the hell hahah
josh sent me that, it was what won for naming the new mountain dew in 2012, dub the dew
that can't be true
it is
hold on
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/events/dub-the-dew
god that's partially awful
so funny
except the first one
DEAR GOD
lol
that's 4chan for you
hahaha
josh is like, why didnt you see that on 4chan?
and im like, because it was in 2012
I started getting on 4chan in like 2010. I had no idea what any of it meant until 2011 at least. hahaha
but I guess people follow 4chan like fucking CNN right? lol
josh does
hahaha
like "remember the great "vote for justin bieber to travel to north korea" of 2012?
instead of "Remember the election"
hahaha
Like years are based on hilarious memes
thats kind of how he operates
he just sent me these bill nye memes
that's kind of great but also kind of shitty haha
THOSE ARE THE BEST
I love bill nye lol
it's him dancing with some chick in college
hahaha
Remember
"BIIIIiiiiiiiIIILLLLL NYEEEEEEEeeeee" *robotic voice"
I hardly remember that show
how long has that even been out?
josh watched it as a kid O.o
it was off the air years ago
I loved that show
it must have been 10-15 years ago
ah okay
that sounds about right
it was on about the time of the puzzle place, and ADVENTURES FROM THE BOOK OF VIRTUES
and fucking zabommafoooooooooo
THOSE SHOWS WERE THE SHIIIIIET
I watched like three episodes of zabomafoo over december
It was good shit
the kratt (?) brothers?
they were weird geeks
i just liked zaboo a lot
and the clay mation world
that was better than the real world
it was
I like the way
at the begining
i wanted to live there
they said
LEAP LEAP LEAP
"za BOOOOOOOOO ma foo
it was like a child bass drop
HAHAHA
YES
it was
thats agreat comparison
I was like
bro chills here go zaboomafoo
we outcheaaa
HAHAHA
IM ROLLING SO HARD ON APPLE SAUCE
on what dude
APPLE SAUUUWOAHHHHH
ok
what's the opposite of coffee#
tea?
water>
?
Piss
shit
cunt
fuck
cok
coke or cock?
the world will never know
Yes he will
HOW?! ...is he watching you?
The mighty silverback gorilla
tinley illinois
and jimmy carter
postt haste
Hands
which hands?
these
hands, these m.
i KNEW it
how badly does it suck to have wisdom teeth removed
well mine got infected so it was the worst pain of my life
just go to a good doctor and not a quack like i did
I only have to have one removed, I just am rewlizing I really need to do it soon
but yeah I remmber you had a bad expierience
that's why I asked
haha
yep it was pretty terrible
the surgery itself is fine, they knock you out
i wasn't so much worried about the surgery, just the severe pain after it haha
THEY GAVE ME PRETTY GOOD PAIN PILLS
omg rami anderson (?) still has his name on here as "rami time" hahahahahahahahahahahaha
haha sorry for caps
i saw that!!!!!!
ITS OKAY
i dont know why i saw that but i did
haha
tell me where so I can confirm we are the same
i really dont recall
it was like a month ago
where'd you see it? haha
Jordan Jealcic posted some idiotic "I care bout the world" news story and he commented and was super offensive haha
what he fuck haha
like is he still fucking chickes my sisters age four years ago
I mean
13-14
I wonder
jesus
he is so fucking weird
we hung out with him
THINK ABOUT THAT HARD
we did
i hung out with anyone that lived near the school
because they offered shelter away from the school
hahaha
that's so true
like
really
we hung out at mcdonalds
just because it wasn't near school
hahahah
yea i didnt even care, i just wanted to get away from there
and do lots of drugs
which i still want to do, but i cannot do
electricity
jesus haha
i was thinking about what you said about josh's car, referring to it in an animal way
Its better than coloqeaul greetings
and i started laughing really hard
haha yes
on my way to workj
hahahaha
colloquial
goddarn
God in heaven darn it
hahahaha
we have a trainee now
hes new to the department
and watching me and a coworer do thangs
coworker
gah
does he cower
no what?
you weirdo
hahaha
I just got a call that the apartment I was getting next year is not available as of like 10 minutes ago
the world is SHIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTIT
Man...I got like 5 of those calls... =/
It's hard finding a place when youre young
no one trusts you
haha
im sorry i shouldnt laugh
cause that does suck
it does so much. I finally got a job and I was like Woo time to find a place to live now but NO ONE WANTS ME THEY WANT RICH KIDS WHOSE PARENTS TAKE CARE OF EVERYTHING
college towns are fucking awful places
where do you work??
I have to go to orientation at highland over spring break, but I work there whenever Im home. Its not a bd deal.
chad works there i believe
hahaha
I know
hes okay though, now that hes doing hormone therapy hes less of a dick
my mom said hes a damn weirdo
like
hes always mentioning you
because I know you and my mom is my mother
why does he mention me?!?
because he knows who my mom is and Im friends with you and he knows you
I dont every fucking know the guy honestly
ohhh
hahaha
he and jamee live down the street from us
my mom just says hes odd, and also transgender
Ah I see
he helps with the reptile show, jamee is my co-promoter
OH OH OK
I know who that is
I just didnt know who he was
yep there ya go
lol
he has holes all in his face
gauges...
yes many a gauge
he used to be a total dick
but as he accepted that hes gay
he became more girly and nice
i used to seriously hate him
Have I ever even heard of this guy? I feel like I have
maybe in passing
did I tell you my sisters gay now
well not really gay
but
are you serious -.-\
dating a girl because shes now friends with strictly lesbians, and she wants attention so shes manipulating this poor girl and is going to end up really screwing with her head
its like when she was friends with whores she was a whore
borderline nonsense
what the hell haha
so shes not a whore now?
or now a lesbian whore?
not a whore
just gay
I dont get it
she just mirrors everyone shes arround
thats really weird
shes so crazy
haha
she is the devil
elohim bless her
lolz
dude work sucks so much
thankfully i get to take off tomorrow because i worked monday
praise him yet again
PRAISE HIIIIM
haha
had to take my last 2 klonopins
more on the 23rd
yippee
im not physically addicted, which is good
benzodiazepines are the most addictive drugs doctors perscribe. withdrawl can be beyond painful
I recently did this paper that said that clonazepam (Klonopin) was the most effective antianxeity med compared to like SSRIs and Alprazolam. The verdict is: it is
Most people seem to agree that its the most fast acting with the least side effects
which is awesome
for you haha
yea i mean it really does work, and my fear of being addicted is gone
i go days without taking it
If I miss my xanax by an hour I go into withdrawl and want to die
._.
seriously? D:
have you tried klonopin?
to sleep before
but I am gonna suggest it when I get home
I havent tried it for anxiety yet
and yeah
Im on 2 mg a day
my body NEEDS it at this point
wow well you should definitely switch over
i mean 2 mg of xanax is way stronger than 1 mg of klonopin
youd have to get like 2 mgs
YEAH
And it doesnt help the physiological symptoms
thats what is my issue
xanax does?
like heart palpatations, sweating, trembling, breathing, gait
no xanax DOESNT
ohh
yea because i was going to say
i can take klonopin and my "physical" symptoms go away
which are really mental
yeah everythings psychosematic. but xanax doesnt do it all for me and Im on too much of it for it NOT to work
I cant even look at people in the eyes sometimes lol
aw =/
definitely try klonopin
helps all my symptoms
and no withdrawal
im having trouble pre-planning my 2015 breeding season
i need the PERFECT males, that i will trade this season's perfect males for
only this season's are not as perfect as i would like
Is that a solavable problem? haha
its difficult because i have to wait until the end of this season, so like late fall
then i will need to sell the 3 males i am no longer using
then i will need to use that money to invest in perfect ones
its not like theres just a place to go to buy the perfect geckos
and i have to find those perfect ones myself
you have to search
or create them in a laboratory with electricity
yes
like ya know
incubation
eggs are like mini petri dish labs
kept warm by the electricity of jehova
new gecko plan: breeder loans
if i plan on changing my males every year, why buy any? haha
It seems that my nonsense talk is causing ideas
Hm
do tell!
Okay
HOW did that bill pass
they snuck it into the legislation and didnt read it before voting
This could be quite bad right?
probably not for me
but for others, yes
why's that?
we have stuff that people dont care about
they want rid of huge snakes, zoo animals, stuff like that
crocodiles
monitors
etc
electric hats
electrode hats? haha
no
but nice association
hats running through an outlet
to power what? haha
we cant talk throughout the day anymore
I have to go
=/
Sorry I just have to settle down and stop laughing lol
ok
lolol
HOW DO I MAKE ALL OF THE SHIT IVE SENT GO AWAY
' ' '
[fgj
[fgk
[pdgk
d[pk
[pk
[pk
[pk
[pk
[pk
[pk
[pk
[pk
pdihfgoiwehtom5 t-]
OKAY.
nofds
rbgvp
fvbs
vds
vds
just to be thorough
HOWS IT GOING
god this isn't working
efg
[oj
opj
poj
poj
poj
poj
poj
DONT SAY LOL
I NEED TO BEAT THIS
0
0
0
0
0
01100010001
0
0
0
00
0
0
0
10010
0
0
0
0
what are you trying to achieve? haha
Not looking like a paranoid schizophrenic in the library every day
that's what I'm going for
now I have to skim past that
because I'm so narcissistic I think that satatement was hilarious
w
w
w
w
w
0
0
w0
0
oh so youre trying not to laugh
good luck buddy
haha
seriously
I actually just went into a different building to get away from the judgment
I went to the psych building [ bunch of fucking freaks ] *I CAN DO THIS*
dont you have your own PC?
why do I torture myself
If I were you sitting at my desk I would have a serious laughing issue
BE GLAD YOU AREN'T AS CRAZY AS ME
its not that im not crazy
just a different kind
I know
it's that im too busy to really just let my mind wander
SO AM I
that's why I can't be doing this
hahaha
WELL
how is bella doing?
Like I'm trying to study and I get the urge to message you
it's like a cigarette for my hands eyes and brain
wait
SHES
GOOd
good answer! haha
anything happening there, same ol same ol?
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
i am so tired, i get tomorrow off THANK GOD
Same ole what?
haha
OH YEAH
the problem with waking up at 9:30 every day is that it also happens when you dont want it to
word
so ill stay up until 3 or so and wake up at 11
you want to reward yourslef right
which is not enough sleep
exactly
then yo ucan't
RIGHT
staying up late doesn't always work
It's a vicious cycle
i know i hate it
i get mad at chris because he always stays up late
I never sleep through the night
Yeaaaa
and he needs physically less sleep than me because hes 25
I go to bed kind of early
HAHA
That's true
I need my 8 hours
it is, and he can stay up until 2 and he only bitches about being tired because hes dehydrated and eats crap food
i need like 9-10 hours
that does make you tired
JEEZ
that's about what bella works with. I don't get it. After 8 I just feel....
drowsy
Like I took "too long" of a nap
i feel the same way
but right at 8 i feel exhausted
its a sleep cycle thing, not an amount of sleep thing
and i dnot know how to control that
yeah sleep is a funny thing
I never sleep through the night honestly
Like I wake up every couple of hours
my mom is so crazy
I know
why this time though?
wai
t
think about its comic value
Im in a large confined room with many people
haha
shes pissed that i want to go to my little brother's birthday party tonight instead of going to her house so she can bitch about her divorce hearing where nothing happened this morning
Thats selfish, and by normal people standards selfish enough to be crazy
I thought she was divorced already haha
oh obviously
no she isnt divorced yet, they keep dragging it out
WHY
once men get to know her theyre HORRIFIED
because michael is fighting the prenup
I mean hm
he thought nothing bad would happen so he asgreed to a ridiculous one Im guessing
yes exactly haha, but without the prenup mom will have to sell her house
heres a doozy
Okay wellI think maybe she deserves to keep her house. That isnt fair
"Never contact me again if you can't be here for me when I am in pain and torn up, I anticipated having a hard time after counts and asked for your help so I repeat  NEVER I'm in coring fighting for your insurance and inheritance bit no you give no fucks for me.. Sudsy Arai of you choose to go party and let me be alone. Mindy took my first husband and view my second is engaged to his whore"
shes so bad at typing
I couldnt interpret a lot of that
yep me neither
i just read it as "IM ANGRY AND INSANE"
she seems pretty mad
I mean
I dont want her to lose
becauseeee
Her not living where shes always lived disrupts my normalized world
I dont accept unideal change that well
ITS ALL ABOUT ME
TELL HER
hahaha
i just told her shes being unreasonable and cruel
Shes emotionally a mess. Tell her you understand why shes so upset right now  and you would be also
That will calm her crazy
Even though it is just creulty
honestly
making her think you think shes human might humanize her for today haha
yea i always try to make her the least amount of angry without giving into her
because if i give in she gets that control
righr right
thats true
I have a young and old version of her in my family, so how I deal with it is mixed
haha!
thats very true
i mean i decided at one point that my happiness cannot be drowned by her anger and control issues
its just not healthy for me
Shes the craziest shes gonna be, right now. Like its been refined over the years up to now. My sister isnt there yet and my grandmother is kind of past her prime
and No, its not
youre right
hahaha youre grandma is just declining into an abyss of insanity
She called me the other day to tell my my aunt was dying really horribly, but my mom had called a day before that to prepare me for the lie to say just got a new condition diagnosed
so I faked sadness for her
a little show
so she isnt actually sick?
your grandma made it up?
She does that constantly
she enjoyed my grandpas death for the grand gestures and gifts
she now uses it as an excuse and stuff
its awful
wow thats pretty sick
she sucks the life out of people
my mom is also a life sucker
literally
yeah my grandma and your mom are similar
i really really dont want her to grow old and feel abandoned
but at the same time i dont want to go isnane
my mom is just as damaged as you are and has that SAME ideology
its ridiculous the parallels sometimes
you say similar things about your mothers
Its a tough situation
look at this
"No you're being a a selfish ingrat, I'm embarrassed that you are so inconsiderate of the first person that every loved you. Other people except me thanks for my Valentines day gift.. I am over having any relationship with you. So do not every contact me. You are dead to me."
sounds like my dad/grandma/sister
Ive heard that garbage before
its bs
shell come crawling back
she needs your attention
its sad
it is, i already know exactly whats going to happen
she said she wants to ring she gave me back
i dont care lol
and now im blocked lol
the cycle repeats
it does
please look at katilyn jenkins latest post hahahaha
okay hahaha
omg hahaha
jesus
she is so crazy
like how emo is this girl
seriously
on a scale of ron swanson to someone who watches too much anime
i thought people who liked BVB were executed at some point?
HAHAHA
dude I know
I thought that fad ended
do you listen to interpol?
no should i
well josh told me to listen to this album today, and now ive heard it like 4 times haha
Will do then
also
its called turn on the bright lights
this dude in the video description says "how I went from protestant to atheist...then to satanist" like dude what are you gonna become mormon next
and okay noted
LOLOL
LORD JEHOVAH
have you ever seen the fucking CREEPY cartoon that I think they showed to mormon children about what mormonism is?! OMG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3BqLZ8UoZk
Watch it whenever. It's worse than salad hands.
ill have to watch it when i go home hahaha
Yeah you will haha
SALAD HANDS
HANDS
hahaha
dude that buzzfeed was so me
dear go
d
does growing up mean I have to change
it was!!
I DONT WANNA
no it doesnt
people stay our age mentally forever
i mean
i work with some prime examples
That was a loaded question. I knew the answer
I LIKE BEING VALIDATED
i know, i do as well lol.  but seriously there are 40 year olds here that act like teens.
you know this haha
im friends with "old" people because a lot of them never grew up
and theyre still mentally my age
movie mike
josh
barrett, kind of
oh btw
lee has been staying with me
and i want him out haha
hahaha
wait
why??
Did your mom give him the boot
she kicked him out and told me i am dead to her
she could be dead right now for all i know
oh yeah you told me that
and there's always a chance that she could be, but odds are she just enjoys having you worry about her mortality
yea im pretty sure thats it haha
it brings her
so i ignore it mostly now
PLEASURE
PLEAUSRE
PLEASURE
haha
ELECTRIC PLEASURE PULSES
ew gross
get out
right now
haha
i am actually laughing so hard
but I am alone
so I can be weird
I wish I was always alone
hahah
also why gross
why did your mind have to drift there
"ELECTRIC PLEASURE PULSES"
IT WAS ABOUT ONE OF THOSE BACK MASSAGERS THAT'S ELECTRIC POWERED BY ELECTRICITY


FREUDIAN SLIP?!?!
dude
I am dyingh
hahaha
I just took this quiz on buzzfeedd
that said
chris asks when michael is coming back
dude im on buzzfeed right now
haha
my college major should have been "ELECTRICAL engineering"
I don't even know what that is
HOWEVER
also chris what
chris asked me when youre coming back here
OH
like the second week of march
you just referred to me in a weird tense
haha
i did do that
because chris is right here
i think it was
omnipoetent
potent
RIGHT
want to see the worst tattoo ever?
i know this guy that it's on
hes an idiot
is it possible that anything could shock me more than I've seen on tumblr
or
but go on
LOOK AT THAT CHAMELEON
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i lold so hard
I did just now
god
its SO bad
is the concept or the art worse
I can't decide
i cant believe someone tattooed that and then POSTED it on their own shop's page
that's not a proper tattoo for that location
i cannot believe that happened at a tattoo shop
like that branch is just coming out of nowhere
like what is this
lol
I CAN'T EITHER
Oh I see
The branch is "FAAAAAADDDDING IN"
nice bro
very art so reptile much fun
jesus hahaha i dont even think that guy has chameleons
then what's the point of going all out here
lol
jeez
maybe because it's on his torso
but jesus
that dude is an IDIOT
what ever brings him pleasure is his business. It just does not bring you, or I, pleasure of our own.
Where did you actually see that posted though??
the shop posted it and tagged my friend, the guy who got it, who is an idiot
OH
okay
I didn't fully read what you were saying
the SHOP actually posted it
dear Elohim
elohim? loool
it's what mormons fucking call god
you have to watch that video
it's upsetting
they make the cartoons blink to make it seem more real, but they all have super long eyelashes and refrain from talking, so....it's horrifying
i have to leave now but i definitely will watch that
haha
I saw it years ago, but was trying to explain mormonism to bella and rememebred it
AIIGHt
lolz
latah
cya
lolololol at kaitlyn jenkin's new status about CIGARETTES
cigarettes don't "do anything" for me
every time someone says some stupid ass shit like that
...
I think of that kid offering donny darko a cigarette, and then saying THATS SOME GOOD SHIT, and then donny saying "It's a fuckin cigarette"
CHUT UP
hahaha
i remember that scene
lolz
it makes me laugh so hard
like I know people that would react like that to a cigarette and it genuinely upsets me
i know i want to punch people
dude i cannot handle lee living in my house haha
like i just cannot
Is he really that bad??
yes, he has paid me nothing and this is his 4th night with us, im trying to get him out.  he has planters warts and wont keep socks on.  its driving me mad.
HAHAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
also
HAHHAHHAHAHAHHA
you're going to get warts
i hate you
ive gotten them twice from him
and had to have them frozen off
That's so disgustingn
hes not allowed to use my shower
all he has to do is freeze them
like it's not even as difficult as taking a pill
also
tell him to use SHOWER SHOES
i told him to put a plastic bag on his foot lolol
but im trying to get him out
he would go live with dad and mindy but they reacted poorly to the water crisis and dried up their sewage system, then tried to use it again and like all of the faucets started throwing shit water out of them
so dad's fixing that hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHHAHAA
dear go
d
so disgusting
i know, it's like this stry just gets worse
story
but thats about where it ends
i want it to end with lee out of my house
my mom had to have kicked him out to punish me
I guess that's why she did it then
hm
i hate her so much
i want to drop him off on her porch but he's 18 now
I mean honestly I wouldn't put up with it
but then again
I like my brother for one, and for....TWO...? he would never annoy me in so many way
s
yes WAYS lol
i tried to get him to give me SOME SORT of money or something
and he was so uncooperative that i gave up
Does he have a job or anything?
he does but he has no car and depends on dad for rides.  we told him to take abus this morning because dad is going out of town and he slept in and missed it and had to have a cab take him
that's annnoying
It's so easy to take the bus
and not so expensive
its easy for someone with will power and responsibility
i used to have to take it every morning from SISSONVILLE to south charleston for home schooling at the library
DAMN
yeah I don't mind taking the bus honestly
I do mind cabs
considering how expensive they are no mater where you are
exactly, theyre so dumb
a ride to and from work would cost me almost a day's pay
dear god
he had to go all the way to kanawha city
if he has the money for that shit, where's my cut for housing his annoying ass?
what was that like 35 bucks jeez
and yeah valid point
he should be paying his weight
he should be, like he isnt really using too many resources but he in himself is a job
dealing with him is a job
He's immature. I think that's all there is to it.
but dude
the wart thing is objectively so funny
like
how immature is that
he wants to give everyone warts
hahahahahahaha
it's not funny if i have to pay to remove them D:
Im sorry
it's contaminating my house
he doesnt want to give us warts
well obviously not
hes just too much of a neck beard to respect that he is disgusting
he just is negligent and irresponsible
hahaha
but ddude
can you not give him an ultimatum
like
deal with your foot
he is a child
he cannot resolve any conflicts
he just gets pissy
does his voice still sound like angsty
he sounds gay kind of now
hes very gay
oh wow
i was just laughing at him explaining his job to me, he's a glorified like..."people" buser at a spa.
like busing tables but with people
wait
what
hahaha
he walks them in and stuff and has to talk to them as they come and as they leave
but he was so so so gay when telling me about his work scenarios
but he's not like the suave gay
you say he's dirty and irresponsible right?
haha
yes
i wish he were fully gay\
like shower twice a day, get those fucking warts off your feet gay
what?
apparently my sister is actually gay. like her life is better now because of being with a girl, and she's not a crazy whore alcoholic anymore
haha
...what
Yeah
DUDE IT'S GENETICS
my uncle has a daughter and son, and his son is gay
My mom told me it seems like this was what was supposed to happen
It is kind of genetic I think
also every guy in marias life has disappointed her. Including me haha
YOURE A BAD ROLE MODEL
nah shes got daddy issues
she does
so do i but I'm not a huge pussy
*laughs*
*laugh as well*
is lee like openly gay
or is it just so obvious and he won't acknowledge it
its pretty obvious
he made this quotes gesture with his hands
that was so gayt
gay
hahaha
omg kaitlyn's new status
I do that ironically. I don't think it's gay. I just think he probably has really transparently feminine characteristics lol
and checking it out
the last TWO
i dont know but he seems quite gay
he certainly is
he was like with mitchell or something right
OMG
MY DAD.
IS GOING TO GET.
MY NAAAAAAMEEEEEEE
TUH-TOO-ED
ON HIM
hahaha
dude i had a friend over last night, that said the word picture like "pik-a-cher"
wiz khalifa's laugh is m favorite thing
that seems like too much of a challenge for one word
like why try so hard
haha
If it can be two syllables, I SAY, SHORTEN IT!
AGREED!
the vote is unanimous
jeeezus ive been here since 9
and i cant leave until 7
damn "(
omg wtf that photo you posted hahahahahahaha
"CHECKMATE"
im on buzzfeed so much that ive literally read all of the shit on there
what photo? lol
poh yea
hahahaha
well you shared it
i found it pretty funny
stupid christians. regardless of whether that's a joke or not it's just as realistic as soemthing a christian facebook friend would post
THEY POST INSANE PEOPLE SHIT
it toally is man
totally
i have to question sometimes if its okay to delete people for loving jesus sometimes
and the answer is yes
TECHNICALLY, no
but REALISTICALLY
How can you not
for elohim's sake
and yes
I'm going to ironically use that name
LOL
send me that video again
okokokok
im going to see if i can not laugh
watch the pretty eyes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3BqLZ8UoZk
gotta run out to the parking lot with marteen mc quad real quick
they're so beautiful
hahaha
ok
back
gon watch dat vidjo
okok
haha
prepare yourself..really
hahaha
"endless celestial sex"
hahahaha
hahaha
*blink blink*
OH ELOHIM
jesus lol
and lucipher
watch him become the devil
"giving man his freedom of choice, as on other planet"
hahaha
hahaha
its INSANE
HAHAHA
HE BECAME THE DEVIL
OMG BLACK SKIN
WTF WTF WTF
I KNOW IKNOW IKNOW
like
what the hell thast's fucked
are mormons actually racist?
SO RACIST
like to be black and not go to hell
you must pledge your allegiance to a whit eperson
and serve them
WHAT
THE FUCK
hahahaha
look up the curse of cain
hahaha
I KNOW
i think jehovahs witnesses are the weirdest
because like
they were allowed to do it until 1980
my boss was one, and a heroin addict, and gay, and embezzled 40k.
WATCH ELOHIM KNOCK ON MARYS DOOR TO MAKER LOVE
MAKE LOVE WITH HER*
hahaha
sometimes i ask josh about being a door to door witness
because he was until he was like 25 i think
he did it several times a week
my god
all for elohim
I mean jehova
fuck
i just asked like, how many times did you have a door slammed in your face and were forced to not be angry about it?
hahaha
HAHA
i just cant believe that he was ever a part of that
i cant see him being just..normal
once a rat came out from under my porch and went at a jehova's witness
HAHAHAHA
OMG
they left
IMLAUGHING
I swear
hahahahaha
They were like
oh dear
i shed a tear there
what is this
lolz
WHAT IS THIS? hahaha
I was like a GODDAMN RAT
im dying
I wish you couold have seen it
they just like
scurried away without saying much
LIKE THE RATS THEY ARE
I was in like 11th grade i think
they believe theres only like 44,000 places in heaven or something
and not all of them can even go
144,000
and yeah
LIKE WHATS THE POINT OF PREACHING THAT
NO ONE WANTS THOSE ODDS
i thought it was 144,000 but then i second guessed myself
like, why jehovah? haha
why not jesus?
they also believe jesus is like a governor of hevaven
I praise #elohim and will #show my devotion in any way
forget jehova
(not same person at ALL ok)
#teamelohim #teamfuckjehovah #teamimmabeagod #teamcelestialsex #teamracism
I #refuse to shout the doctrine of father elohim in the doorways of #my brothers on earth, but rather I #celebrate using my body in the forest
I'm never gonna let Elohim go
It's too funny
that is really funny
#godlife
he's got such beautiful eyes
so hot
*WINKS*
om
omg
stop
hahaha
like why did he blink so much
holy shit
they didn't make him look more real
what?!
look what JUST came onto my news feed hahaha
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=805911006104972&set=a.188695787826500.54678.188533647842714&type=1&theater
the fuck is this
is he on the moon
or is that kolob
omg
"almighty god is a living man" -bob marley
he has his own planet thanks to ELOHIIIIIM
PREACH
you have to say it with a certain eeriness
*jumps up and down, does dance on floor with fast feet, yells at sky*
I wish I could comment on things without it coming up on my news feed "MICHAEL MADE A COMMENT EVERYONE LOOK"
i look like a crazy right now
i cant stop laughing
at what specifically
just the things you and i say
so the new guy at work is like 28, apparently
They are between you and I an elohim.
#honor
and he looks 18
haha
that sucks
he just asked me on IM
"so you like me jsut messing on FB and lsitening to music"
like, i keep putting my earbuds in so he'll leave me alone
and stop hitting on me
like he does everyone
hahaha
what does that mean
hahahaha
hes asking if id rather him message me instead of poking me when he has questions
because im listening to music
supposedly
listen to NYC by interpol
ok
i really like them
good
much good very music so rock
I like
yay!
I love this song
after that listen to obstacle 1, and then obstacle 2
I'm gonna listen to them when I go and get my saturday taco later.
Yes, that is a thing I do
and No, I didn't have to say it like that.
that alone makes your saturdays about 100% better than mine
"subway is a porno"
yep
haha
i looked up the lyrics
first band josh has suggested that i actually like
he kept trying to get me to listen to like amanda palmer and the dresdenn dolls
im so not into that haha
tbe whole thing just
radiates josh
hahaah
interpol?
or the scenario?
yes
its about a sad lonely guy
hahaha
yep
he is working on his new "book"
hahahahaha
i have read the first
and then he had me read this second one
he's so starved for attention
i dont think he is
it's probably bad
he is genuinely a recluse
lol
i can forward it to you....
hahahaha
If he was he wouldn't share all of this stuff with you
do it
hahaha okay i will
i guess sometimes he kind of wants attention
but not really
normally hes a conversation killer
which IN ITSELF
and can only start conversations with links
is attention seeking behavior
a real recluse would totally ignore hte PROSPECT of conversation
SEND ME THE DAMN BOOK
HAHA
must read
oooo kaitlyn just posted black veil brides. hot
whats your email?
amt2893@gmail.com
and i actually never noticed that behavior
it's always about his ex GF
who is married with a kid
hahaha
the one i sent you is older, like a couple of years
if you like it ill send the other one hahaha
either way this will bring me #much pleasure
I was like "that's kind of sweet"
and then he said
HAHAHAHAHA
"sweeter than juicy tight pussy goddamnit"
NOPE
hahahahhaahah
i cant stop lauyghing
thats actually wher ei stopped reading the first time
and i told him i didnt like that part
and it was gross
and he was like GOOD ID RATHER YOU DIDNT LIKE IT
-____
-
i dunno
hahaha
hes obviously an attention seeker now that you mention it
because like
he sends me these things
this is just kind of prose right?
like not a "story"
yes
its like stream of consciousness except attempted poetry
i started editing his new one for him because it was so poorly wriotten
my writing is so much better than his haha
this makes no sense....
just keep reading
theres some gold in there
hahaha
"I heard a sob, distant, but visceral at the same time" He makes this comparison as if the two are polar opposites. Something can be any distance, and also pretty guttural. also A sob wouldn't ever be described like that by a normal person ever haha
OMG YOURE SO RIGHT
HE DID THAT TO ME THE OTHER DAY
I SAID I LIKE DISCO AND FUNK
AND HE SAID THATS LIKE SAYING YOU LIKE COFFEE AND BACON JUST BECAUSE THEY BOTH GO IN YOUR MOUTH
i want to call him on it
hahaha
like there are a few grammatical flaws. quite a few. Like he's trying to hard to be emotional, but maintain the fact that the writing is "intelligent"
It flows nicely though
I think..?
it flows okay
like that one isnt that bad
because its "finished"
the other he sent me is a draft
but like, the other one is super long and decently okay besides writing and syntax
but then the very last part
is ridiculous
and i laughed so hard
its a chronicle of his thoughts in little poems from 2012 to now
he said perversity instead of perversion
why does he so weird
he's an interesting human specimen
HE KEEPS USING LANGUAGE THAT DOESN'T FIT
it's odd that i work with him like every day, but i see him MAYBE once a week
haha
LIKE WORDS THAT HE SO CLEARLY CHOSE JUST TO DEMONSTRATE KNOWLEDGE
IN COMBINATION WITH THIS EMOTIONALLY LOADED PROSE
IT'S JUST
WHY
youre hitting the nail on the head.  earlier i told him it must suck working until 2 AM, and i was like what do you even do?  Because he is always saying "i dont watch tv", even though he kind of does
and he said
"read"
LOLZ
HAHAHA
dude
i think this chapter is an exchange between him and a therapist
nope
it's him and himself
i think it's him and his ex?
"hours spent naming children"
cry me a river asshole
I'm sorry
that part just killed me
hahahaha
youre going to kill me
of laughter
im dying
hahahaha
thank you for this
we don't live near an ocean either
thank you hahaha
no she lived in cali
I want to send this to a poetry quarterly
he went there to see her
under the pseudonym ".charged.who? get readY"
what the fuck
hahahahahahahahhahaha
I didn't send a link
WHAT
HAHAHAHA
that's a link to FB home
hahahaha
I'm dying
hahahahaha
i am too
josh is so much funnier when you critisize him
i cant spell
but i can write
haha
I wanna edit this so badly
I feel like you had that urge when you read it
haha
IT could be OKAY
just
it's not right now
haha
i told him to let me edit his new one and he turned me down because "its just a draft"  but he DID fix the worst part after i told him what to write lol
blame or thank baseball
BLAME
It's the worst sport on this goddamn earth
he loves it
hahaha
but he "doesnt watch tv"
I hate that
saying that
i do too
it drives me insane
doesn't make you appear smarter than the average man
i keep telling him to watch portlandia
It makes you seem like a liar
because people in that show want to smash TVs
and no one likes liars
i know hes on the PC all the time
thats not reading
haha
Tell him I promise Newton would be FASCINATED  with TV and watch it all day
OMG LOLOLOLOL
which is probably true haha
hahaha
SO HE HAS PERMISSION
no the computer is not reading
but newton isnt punk enough
lol
HXC
damnit he won't leave baseball metaphors alone
he mentioned it once and now he won't stop
he kind of...gets repetitive
but you know, "it is what it is"
"stay hydrated"
he also keeps saying visceral
HAHA
you can't overuse a word like that
i know, it sticks out like a sore thunb
not everything can be fucking visceral
its sad that two "kids" are picking apart his scholarly works right now
HAHAHAHA
IM FUCKING DYING
OMG
hahahahaha
HAHA
the charred half dead husk of a man
what the FUCK does that mean
he is comparing himself to corn
THOUGHT SO
i cant breath
DEAR GOD
hahahaha
NO
imaginae him teaching his "son" about baseball
like he'd be the worst dad at all of the games
like
he'd be murdering kids
chanting out of the necronomicon to bring luck
HAHA
HAHAHA
OMG
OMG
jesus
ELOHIIIIM
HAHAHAHAHAAH
sounds like a fucking pokemon
ENTEI
ELHIM
its the same
haha
has he censored names
god
like it matters
did he?
lolol
n-
whats the funniest about his new "book"
b-
or objects
something
is that ive known him most of the timehes been writing it
and im like
this is how he feels all the time?
hahaha
he has a tumblr
and posts them
but i think im the only one who has read it
WHATS THE TUMBLR URL
I'm following it and reading
EVERYYYTHINNNNNnnnnnggGGG
omg hahaha let me find it
i dont think its like personal
I know
I still need access
it's more of a "post angry political satire" blog
I wish he would just do him
Like
We outchea
doin us
and he's like
" think more highly of me than I really am "
http://lordmacbayne.tumblr.com/
Like I don't think low of him
i feel bad for him
I just think he's wrapped up in himself
he thinks all women hate him
yeah
ok
he thinks hes ugly and gross
That
I don't care about
hahaa
i mean, it's why he acts like this
i think
No
maybe it's dady issues
OMG
I JUST REALIZED
?
HE IS PROBABLY BPD
his dad had it!
that would explain why he's drawn to me haha
uh duh
LOL
i never thought about it because he always talks like it's just me with it
he thinks he's just depressed
like chronically
i think he thinks im crazy
He's also crazy
but that he sees his own behavior in me sometimes?
i dont know
like you know when you're around someone
and you get uncomfortable
because they're so "odd" in a mental sort of way
like being around a schizoid type person
You know him very well
so you don't get that
but at that christmas party
I TOTALLY GOT THAT
it was like being around someone matt was instiutionalized with
like
it took me like 6 months to get him to refer to me as a friend
whats UP with this dude
haha
but i know him really well know
i can tell you all about whats wrong
just ask
and i know pretty much his entire life story
what do you mean whats wrong?
which i guess is attention seeking, since he's told mne
me
well
i think his whole life he felt abandoned by his dad
oh nice he's like reposting photoshop-fancy quotes by bill maher that someone made
he's so dreamy
HAHAHAHA
do you want the next "book"?
http://lordmacbayne.tumblr.com/image/57189540858
dear god
OMG
NECKBEARD
he's 13
NECKBEARD
NECKBEARD
what?
hes a neckbeard hahaha
like the fat guys who wear fedoras and have acne
HAHAHHAH
and like pokemon
thats josh
he wears a fedora
he loves snorlax
and 4chan
and being "deep"
hahaha
"YOUR GOD" is a red flad
flag
dude he is
Oh my fucking god
im like almost half afraid that hes going to walk up behind me
hahaha
HOW COULD YOU NOT SEEE
yeah he's insane
eh i dunno
hes really nice to me now
HE IS.
i mean hes got issues
you can't be objective.
YEAH HE DOES
listen though
did uoyu read that "book"
which is weird enough that he calls it a "book"
I am
women show their issues by acting "like a bitch", men show theirs by not being comfortable with who they are
so it's weirder when dudes have issues
its more uncomfortable
but i have issues too
He's like awesome to me
not as like a friend type of way
but more like
CHARLIE
I want to understand everything about him and scan is brain in a lab while keeping him in a cage
and CHARLIE?
WHA
yes
you did tests on charlie
hahaha
oh my god
literally
*Science* is my destiny! For #christ!
holy shit
I forgot about that
GOD
And i was GENUINE
about it
what?
lol
like
oh
that
hahaha
I wasn't fucking around
I wanted to do tests on him
i know you were a little insane yourself there
like a fucking lab rat
hahahaha
what the fuck
everyone's a little crazy
I'm still insane
I'm literally the second craziest person I know
(next to matt, but he doesn't really count)
he's more sick than crazy
like he knows whats up.
but he sees things.
lol
dude this is gold
look at this
http://lordmacbayne.tumblr.com/image/44051474299
hahaha
neckbeard
hold on imma send you another series of bad peoms
poems
lol
okay so i just CAUGHT him seeking attention
i told him earlier than i read the rest of his new stuff
and he said "okay"
and then like an hour later he sends "and?"
hahaha
CALLED IT
now hes saying "someone" told him he shouldinclude his essays in his new book
he writes these ssays
about silly stuff
theyre not bad
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=271231673041766&set=a.179403772224557.1073741828.179402488891352&type=1&theater
he just sent me something called "robot girlfriend" that im about to read hahaha
josh just said you followed him on tumblr.  im guessing i have to explain that now haha
you must
im just basically telling him that you study eople
people
haha
lololololol
so i dont have to tell him, hey, i showed michael your most preciously guarded things
hahaha
omg
you did
haha
BAD FRIEND
im a terrible friend but
i know he has talked about me to other people
im assuming he's told them things id rather people not know haha
i know his ex knows about me, which is odd
apparently he talks to her pretty often
i bet she feels terrible for him
do you want "robot girlfriend?"
its like a small page
an essay
sent haha
god
ok
I have to do something but hwne I get back I'm gonna read it so hard
haha hurry up or ill die of boredom
im here till 7!
whew I think I have a place to live
*celebration DANCE*
time to read
yay yay yay!
please dont let me get bored, ive been here for 7 hours already haha
HGAHHAAHAHAHHAHAHA
"They still have the pumpkin spice latte"
HAHAHAHAHAAH
he loooves starbucks omg
He just ends a seciton on that
HAHAHAA
it's literally the worst coffee ever produced
i had to explain to josh how you study people, using charlie as an example
unless you're a sassy white girl with an iphone
thank you for giving me a good excuse hahaha
"iphones are for idiots hurr hurr"
YOU'RE INVALIDATING ME AS A PERSON TO HIM
oh wait
idc
HAHAHAHA
the less he thinks of me the more fun it is to hear what he says to you
it probably just made him feel important that youre "studying" him maybe
yes
oh god
true
YOURE RIGHT
THAT IS PROBABLY SO TRUE
like, he didnt question it
LIKE HE'S FLATTERED
i thought hed be like WHY WERE YOU TALKING ABOUT ME
Oh elohim!
HAHAHA
I've been laughing sohard all day
me too dude hahaha
thank you for keeping me entertained
because sometimes i think i actually die of boredom
he says protocol too much
theres a few words that he really likes haha
"gays" is politically incorrect. he also follows it up with "straight people" not "Straights." Theres a name for that kind of consistency but it's not right
IM LAUGHING SO HARD HAHAHA
why is this commentary on politics on religion kind of
he is"a gay" kind of though
HAHA
im rolling
omg
hahaha
like this is a super weak stand against jesus and obama
like
politics
religion
bad
gays and the straight people
HAHAHAHAHAHA
check mark
DUDE
YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I CANT CONTAIN MY LAUGHTER
I'm learning a lot about him apparently
Also,
I don't want to read that 23 page one
I just...
I don't
hahah
i understand
it took me weeks to finish it
i just wasnt interested
but the last paragraph
just read the last entry
please hahaha
I don't know if he sends me this stuff to sneak in sexual elements or what
ok
I will
But I could never use "pussy" while writing a serious work
Cunt is not an okay word to say.
Especially coming from him haha
isnt that crazy though?
like
read the paragraph above it
this is nasty
it just goes from sad to sadistic
its like sad sad sad sad CUNT
"together we can ____ "
hahahaha
like what is he saying by that
is he trying to say "Oh I'm being dominant over you but you agreed"
like at the very end
OOPS
this is so agressive
*TOGETHER*
hm...
i dont know
i read it over a couple of times
and tried to understand the context
but i cant
I feel like it's just not deep
like it's trying so hard there
it's just
like in that whole thing hes talking about his ex but the last part does not really sound like it...
THINK ABOUT THIS IT HAS MEANING
I don't htink it does
HAHA
it's just a sexual fantasy
nothing primal, or like symbolic
It's just sexual
I think he just likes me reading that weirdness.
I mean..why even write that down?
hahaha
right?
haha
just like...take care of your stuff and then write something that has meaning?
i think hes maybe having trouble still finding meaning in his ex.
like hes having a harder time blaming his behavior on her
because she's been gone for so long
He needs to get over it
People have dead kids
and he's whining over his ex
OMG HAHAHA
"I'll be a great shrink"
srsly though
damn it
hahahaha
but That's all I'm saying
He's a SAD, sad adult
who by the way
is old enough to have kids to be sad over but is caught up in a teenage-esq romance
like come on
that's not deep
write about REAL things
it doesn't feel real
I mean I honestly just like the flattery I get from his attention seeking.  It's like a BPD symbiotic relationship haha.  He gets attention, I get someone to talk to.
it kind of is
haha
But he's obviously not equipped to be ina  relationship
haha
I'm just talking about him being so convinced that he's deeper than he is
He doesn't know real pain
he's just a weird guy
haha
and yeah I agree
It's not like he's been to Iraq or something...REAL
hahaha
He told his ex to GTFO in a BPD rage, and she did.  Big deal.
I hate when people act like unless pain is severe it's not real. That's not true. Pain no matter the extent sucks. But the fact that he's 36 and complaining to a 20 year old and writing little stories about his long lost love is kind of like...fucked
like
he should be over it now
but he HAAASSSSS to have something to demonstrate his emotional depth
I'm tempted to read the story now haha
I just realized since you've told me your observations that like...I mean, there really can't be that many people that he talks to daily.
The fact that I'm one of them is starnge.
strange
I don't mind it, but he should hahaha
RIGHT
like it shouldn't at all be a big deal to you
because it isn't
but
Is he really okay with being so fixated on you?
Like that's not emotionally healthy
he probably is sad
You think from this that he's emotionally fixated on me?
YES
maybe not even romantically
But he seems distant...which is I'm guessing part of the behavior?
but he depends on you
Right, but he still engages you
who else does he talk to in a serious way like he does with you?
Probably his ex....maybe his "michael terranova", Amber.  She works here, he lived with her and her mom after he had a break up once
But I can't really think of others...
I mean he doesn't tell me who he talks to, but mostly people just from work haha
Which is odd
like
you don't have a normal friendship
he just likes having your praise
not to say it isn't a real friendship
but you'd probably know like who he talks to and things
No I understand, because I'm using him as well
hahahaha
I mean he tells me anything I ask
which is another red flag
haha
But I guess I'm using him for something similar?
You are
you both validate each other in a weird way
You're the only person I talk to, but that's by choice. My other friends are only good for alcohol.
I don't like being around others all that much.
but not like Josh
who claims to be like that
I'm normal
And I'm just like that
hahah
ahahaha thats very true
I can still talk to people
I just think it's odd that like....
Like we've been talking all day, and I haven't had some kind of autistic social breakdown
I know him better than my boss does, who has known him for like 10 years?
HAHAHAHA
that is odd
That's what he does
haahah
The other day barrett asked if id ever been to little india
and not thinking i was like, yea josh likes that place"
and he just kind of looked at me
and then i was like, im dumb
Why is that dumb? Is it a big deal that you went there with him?
I mean it makes him look bad.
He's a supe
Why was he at lunch with Hunter?
haha
People care?
He's not even i nyour department
Kind of, I guess
No he's not but Chris is right across from me
and everyone at work knows me and chris
OH
so when if I talk about josh it's weird
I love hearing work stories
It's like you work at a fucked up meth the office
I love it
i went out and smoked weed without clocking earlier
fo free
haha
HAHA
Seriously?
HOw?!
it's like im at high school
martin had stuff in his car
and he was like, come on
I enjoy that
and i messaged chris and told him to follow us
and we just got up and walked out
and then came back in haha
saturdays are slow
I have to go to lunch...brbrbrbrb
O K I will also brb
BAAACK
I'm actually about to go. But I'll have my phone for TID BITS of WACKY conversation
that being said, I'll be back in like 30-45 anyway
you and your busy college life
haha okay
I have to get that meal today. I think the middle of the day is the best tiem to eat yo
BYE
hahaha laterzzz
he sent me this regina spektor song that he says makes him cry 3 notes in...
youre so right haha
I love being right more than breathing.
hahaha
it's a good feeling
RIGHTEOUS
I love your josh stories
Hahaha
i mean i've known him for almost a year now i believe
so ive got quite a few lol
it's so weird how like... he kind of played into my hand i guess?
I saw him, and I was like, I'm gonna figure out a way to see what this guy's deal is haha
because he looks interesting
and one day i was looking for a part time job, and someone told me to message him about it
and then i guess we just started talking?
You found a job via josh?
I was going to.
And then I decided I don't want to work over there.
I like my job.
And I couldnt have him as a supe
It would be too weird
Nepotism
*hehe*
I mean it wuoldnt have been at that point, he didnt know me lol
He did offer (kind of) chris a job
he was like "you wouldnt be good at this, you would hate it, have chris apply"
haha
OH YEAH AND CHRIS REFUSED BECAUSE OF JOSH RIGHT
yes
haha
And I mean, that was really nice of him
Because I told him chris needs a FT position
Its so oddly nice outside
I know!
haha
MAN THIS WEATHER IS ALL WEATHER
AND yeah he does
it's not freezing which is nice
Yea chris needs FT work haha
If anything he should be ft and you pt. HES OLDER and also you've got the reptile shows to deal eith
it sucks because he has no car
Yeah I know
Cars cost that thing I have none of that pays for my one trash bag every three weeks
i only got 500 back in taxes...he got 1300 because he works less
thats only 1600 plus my crap car tfor buying a new car
Damn
My mom works full time as a nurse with three kids and didn't get that much like not even close haha
That's some serious money
But not enough for a damn car
Or isnit
Is it*
it is, but another crappy one like mine haha
IM NOT IN THE REAL WORLD YET
hopefully slightly better
Then won't it be redundant
Like save it and add a bit more to it so it can be better
i need a car with a transmission that isnt about to go out
Ohhhhh
I Forgot
Like its got serious issues
yes it does
Damn son
a lot of them
lol
We are not outechea
Dude the sub hurts my eyes
Fuck the sun
FUCK YOU, SUN
josh describes the sun';s death
in the thing i sent you
lolol
its probably in the last quarter of the paper
Stop can't Laugh in road
HAHAHA
Ok I have returned officially
yay!
whats josh's last name
is it nugent
...Beane
HAHAHA
I would have guessed nugent
he looks like a nugent
he kind of does strangely?
how does that work?
haha
I don
't know dude
he just
im getting a custom gecko necklace painted like one of my geckos :D
like a painting of a specific one?!
yes!
that's awesome
She's only charging me 30 bucks
he obviously made this: http://lordmacbayne.tumblr.com/image/35036336045
and she made me a custom "crazy gecko lady" shirt that she hand paints
0 notes
and that's insane
that's like nothing for a custom ANYTHING
THIS REMINDS ME OF A GREAT JOSH STORY
he wanted tudors
go
and he drove to the one near his house, near work, and said he wanted "fried taters", and they kept repeating back different meats, until he started screaming and cussing at them about "fried taters" and then drove off
I don't get it
why would he do that?
hes avegan and just wanted TATERS
but they kept ordering him meat
hahahahahaha
Why didn't he just say potatoes
like
he HAD to have known THAT was the miscommunication
i made sure he said taters
because thats hilariouys
It is
i told him they didnt understand him because he said potatoes
HAHA
and he was like, no i was hungry and in a hurry so i said taters
but
but
it doesn't fucking matter
like
it doesn't
what
hahahaha
He just loves stirring things up
haha
omg this is so funny http://lordmacbayne.tumblr.com/image/28720611221
He's obsessed with posting quotes from college professors saying that god isn't real. As if that makes it any truer, or like will convince people because they're elite professors
haha
hahahaha
that was a good link
RIGHT
so hes trying to help me find a better torrent site, and hes like "brb supervisor stuff"
hm?
and im like...somehow this isnt weird to me anymore
lol
nevermind, weird context i guess
yes haha
subway is a porno
lol
that makes no sense
no it doesn't
Subway is a dance party
that makes sense
i mean i guess maybe if people are having sex in the subway station?
i dont even know
haha
But people are always dancing!
It's a dance party
Rationalizing song lyrics
hahaha
so hard
so by your reason
every song on the radio is crafted with total sense
about dancing
TIMBER
HAHAHAHA
MY REASON IS THE DANCE REASON
SPAGHETTI SPAGHETTI MOMS SPAGHETTI
HAHAHAHHAHAHA
That's so
every has said that while rapping along
I swear
Never have I seen it though
UNTIL NOW
i laughed really hard when i saw the world spaghetti so many times
haha
i like eminem
ME TOO
FUCK THE WORLD
I kind of do. Not as big of a fan as I used to be.
HAHA
fuck the worlddddd-with a long dick 

-yung lil wayne
Why is everyone yung now
what is that
china is buying out our rappers
HAHAHAA
I asked bella yesterday and she had a similar response
I like saying it rhough
though
Yung lean is my hero
because his name has yung
i like yung lenox
because hes like 12 and draws album covers
and is not in yung money
lol
HAHA
dude
I just looked him up
that's so neat
yep, buzzfeed fills me with knowledge
Kaitlyn Jenkins
"I'm not as bad as you think, I'm begging and pleading for you to believe me. It stinks that everyone around me thinks that I'm a fucking machine without a heartbeat, but contrary to popular belief I've got a heart in the chest and all I want is the best." -Ronnie Radke.
i have read ALL of buzzfeed
hahaha i read that earlier
shes so entertaining
and sad
like a clown trainwreck
I usually delete people like her
like
I don't think twice
you know, a wreck involving a clown train
But she is intriguing
why
maybe because she is so close to our age and still acting like that
haha
yea that has to be it, she's lee's age
i feel like theres some kind of gap between our class and the ones after us
so 56
THERE IS
for some reason, we were the last wave of intelligent children
haha
people are just developmentally different
well kids younger than us
IT's so weird
Like they grew up in a different world
but they didn't
i know! i think maybe they all somehow grew up as younger siblings...
because theyre all clueless and spoiled
They are all privileged, clueless, and stupid
why
It's jut like
It starts only ONE YEAR younger than our generation
that's not much of a difference
i know but for some reason thats how it is
someone should study that
I was just thinkign that
so josh can use their study to prove people wrong
about things that dont matter
" someone should study that and then tell me about it , but not me "
right right
jhahahahaha
i dont ever want to do the work, but i do always want to results haha
i love america
I love canada
Don't tell anyone I said that
hahahaha
It's better than here in 1000000 ways
I'm moving there after college, or I'm gonna try to
it actually is mucho bettero
Right
i wish i could say "im doing" whatever, after college
but its like, nope, this is what im doing
hahaha
I think you can say "after" ticketmaster. I think your reptile business is going to take off.
i actually think youre right, between my business and the shows i should be able to quit my job in about 2 years and just make a meager salary doing what i love
the longer i work on it the more ill make
Exactly
it's simply an investment, in myself
haha
IT IS.
Like who knows which direction it will go. You may even end up having your own specialty store, not like a pet store, but something more specialized for what you do
and still ship and recieve out of it
still
who knows
yep weirder things have happened haha
kendall keeps trying to get me to move to VA beach
and work for her mom who runs an insurance branch
No
well
make like 16 dollars an hour
it would be fun
Hm
well
after you said that second part
it makes sense
and VA beach is a really happy place
that's a good chunk of change
SERIOUSLY, think about it
josh lived there, hes like YOU NEED TO GO haha
It's awesome there
ive heard
It's like the chill clean myrtle beach with good music
but i dont know where i would keep my animals until i got a place.  i would be allowed to live at kendall's until we got a place but reptiles would be hard to store.
and when I come over I'm actually going to the beach
THATS TRUE
Hm.
thats my only dilemma
that and the WV reptle show haha
RPETILE
NOOOO
hahaha
It would be hard to work out.
But I don't htink it's undoable
look up the costs of living and things there
all i would need is start up money for an apartment
That's true.
I wish I could help. because that's a nice opportunity
it is but then again kendall and her mom can be crazy sometimes so im going to see how i do here and then if i do well, ill save money and move
omg its almost time for me to go home
yassss
WOHOO
and good plan
I'm in no rush, and I think that's what I like about my life
I'm not freaking out about losing my life to corporate greed
hm
because i've already started building my own business
i wont even be a wage slave after a couple of years
SHOW YA HOWTA BE DA BOSS
SHOW YA HOT TO BE DA BOSS, SHOW YA HOW TO PAY DA COST, SHOW YA HOWTA BE-A MAN
loool riff
HAHA
god
I'm in a hurry
I wanna be finished with education
So finished
how many years you got left, boy?
3 years of college 4 years of grad school and 4-6 of post grad, where I'll basically be working but not making as much money
I'm trying to make the most of it
haha
jeez man i cant even give you a pep talk, youve got more balls than i do haha
Secret:
I like just being in school because it shields me from facing the REAL real world that you have to face
i forget that you're kind of half way into the real world
lol
I am.  lol
Just the tip.
not even
That was a powerful comparison.
HAHAHA JUST THE TIP
Like andy's band
haha
sometimes I think about guys who say this "just the tip" and then get upset
HAHAHA
becsuse there are people who say that to women
hahaha
i gotta go on break, brb
OKAY BYE FOR A BREAK.
BYE
bah
almost time to go hooome
That's electric
it's electric! dun dun dun dun dundun dun dundun
thnx
mhmmm
what was it I said yesterday
haha
OH OH OH
"PLEASUARE
PLEASURE
PLEAUSRE"
ELECTRIC PLEASURE PULSE
"
STAAAAHP
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
what is it that bothers you so much
that word
is a big nope
pleasure?
its like "moist"
haha
yes
HAHAAHHA
I'm dying
I love that word
hahaha
It brings me great pleasure
to say pleasure
I thought it was the elctric part that bothered you
no just the pleasure part lol
what's another word that bothers you
thats pretty much it
i think
youll find one haha
home tyme!!!
pleasurably so
BY
BAI
i got that followback on tumblr from "lord macbayne"
that's not his name dude
he claims its the root to his name, with the irish and scottish whatever
lol
oh oh oh oh right I remember
either way I got "that followback"
hahaha
yea i guess he had to think for a long time to follow you or not
he cant just make a simple decision
it was at 6 o'clock in the morning
haha
i sent him an email yesterday morning and got a response this morning
makes no sense
haha
as if he hadn't accessed the internet since
BUT HE HAS
he definitely had
haha
BROTHER
*like hulk hogan*
HAHAHA
lee wants to watch wrestling -.-
tell him elohim denies the request.
*blink blink*
*slight chuckle* i would but that sounds ridiculous
hahaha
I know I know. He's not even real tho
BECAUSE THATS WHY IT SOUNDS RIDICULOUS
hahaha
what do you even put on tumblr?
should i make a tumblr?
i never did well with it
dude my tumblr is great.  so entertaining
I love it
should i make one?
Yes
what would i theme it as?
the photos are so funny. Some I haven't seen other places
just my geckos maybe?
YEah
do that
http://michaelterranova.tumblr.com/page/3
dude look at the photos on this page
hahaha
the blues clues one
okay lol
im laughing so hard
hahaha
I KNOW
hahaaha
"Green is not a creative color"
i need to look some more lol
and then ill make mine
okay okay. I love the girl being extinguished for smoking
dear god
i love pops aaron paul!
RIGHT
I can't believe he was on a cereal comercial
i know lolol
i will forever love breaking bad
it is unmatched by shows of the same caliber
forever
what should my username beeeee
something ironic
or your name
not something ironic
irony
something definitive
go with irony
Mine is my name
i dont know
name
gahhhh
compared to other tumblrs
it's ironic
haha
hrrrrm
herrrrrrm
huuurrrrr m
http://michaelterranova.tumblr.com/post/72475918252
I'm like going through my posts
haha
I SEENT IT
lol
I haven't looked back on my old posts in forever
also you have like two old tumblrs that follow me
hahah
how about...
gahhh i cant think of anything
I'll help
how about irony
Ok
deskjockey791
that is not only funny but accurate
yes
thats it
I choose that
i do too
it tastes like soot, and hot water, and it looks like stillbirth
hahaha
I love portlandia
who should i follow?
dude my tumblr goes back to like 2010 when I was emo. It's like a journal of my life wtf I was emo
HM
type in tags and find cool photos and blogs
hahaha
there are REALLY specific blogs
just start searching
okay haha
also me, follow me
i deeee-uhd
what should my background even be?
Mine is like nothing
haha
I'm THAT interesting
pick something vague
i can make it a photo of one of my geckos
lol
do that
it wont send my confirmation email -.-
what should i name my blog...
geckos and junk.
no no
geckos and whatever.
lol
yes
that one
okay haha
you know what's so scary
That man of way jellyfish thing
like
dear god
man o war?
haha
theyre huuuge
HAHAHAHA
what did i type
tht jelly fish is some type of way
"some type pof way"
looool
HAHAH
i got a description done pretty well
tumblr is actually a good place to promote your business as well now that I think of it
There a people who actually blog on there, aside from the hipster idiots
and who are interested in real-life things
haha
im using it to plug my show and my business haha
i use instagram for it too
people love searching for their tags
haha
#reptiles #satan #god #iphone
i didnt know you could hashtag
im dumb
lol
haha you so can
how do i make my description bullets not all bunch up
like, to make them bullet points
check out my tumblr yooo
http://www.tumblr.com/blog/deskjockey791
hold on
there's an html thing
<p> after each line
thank youu
http://www.cracked.com/blog/5-terrifying-uses-sexual-symbolism-in-horror-films/
if this is about the alien face fucking things. HEARD IT. also nice...cracked hahahaha
its that and other stuff haha
i actually have seen all of the alien films except one
and all of the predator films
and prometheus
haha
I havent seen prometheus
I want to
its super good
its a full prequel
i think haha
its confusing
hai
ello
ELOHIM
just laughed
it brought me great
PLEASURE
PLEASURE
PLEASURE
hahaha
why always in threes
chris was trying to think of a character name in the car
and i was just like
hahaha no
no
"ELOHIM"
no
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I KNEW IT
message that video to chris
*wink wink*
OK
and ill have him bring it up on the TV
hahaha
celestial sex
ENDLESS
shoot it was only supposed to be the photo
haha
ill message it to him
haha
watching parkour fails
BEAT YOU
HARDCORE PARKOUR
HARDCORE SEX WITH GOD
CELESTIAL HARDCORE
hahaha
elohim has such beautiful eyelashes. I want them to #bat and bat until I'm in #celestial #sex paradise
hahaha having chris play it now
NICE
"dark skinned"
THATS RACIST
It's all SO racist
hahahaha
like
not even normal racist
like
YOU'RE BLACK BECAUSE GOD GOT ANGRY
hahahaaha
joseph smith, who was known as a STORY TELLER, claimed to have had visions.... hahaha
hahahaha
and they believed him
and founded a religion on it
wait until it shows him at the "Gates" with elohim and "the mormon jesus christ"
why do they call him
"the mormon jesus christ"
to emphasize how UNjew he was
they think jesus had blue eyes and red hair
or something
yea he founded mormonism in the americas
HAHAHA
not the middle east
AS IF
THE NATIVE AMERICANS
hahaha
HAHAHHA
JESUS CAME TO THE AMERICAS-
what
what
i know haha, im learning so much watching this
"magic mormon underwear"
dude
" i cant even"
HAHa
i hope youre ready to be PUBLICLY CASTRATED AT THE HEAVENLY GATES
YOU BLASPHEEEEEME
I fucking forgot about that
Their faith is all sex based
it is
"celestial sex"
thats the basis
of their entire religion
how is dat god dick tho
lmfao rite get it
he's got so many bitches
HAHAHA
drake iz jebus
PRAISE HIM
we outchea
as you can tell, my urban slang is either dated and/or limited
oh so is mine
the only thing i know that will never be old
is the awesome convo ender, "word"
it's like not saying anything
but still saying something
so youre not rude
haha
I use that all of the time
I stole it from you in middle school
and then it came back
HM
very similar to how we brought hi 5's back but because we were emo no one noticed
HAHA
"dont mind them, theyre....EMOOOO"
we were never as bad as kaitlyn jenkins do
hahaha
we'll see who's balls are still attached at the pearly gates
OMG HAHAHA
NOT SHANNON CHATY'S
I just realized the caliber of my previous statement
dear god
hahahahaha
balls
jesus will decide if youre worthy of your balls
ITS NOT FOR US TO DECIDE
It's for joseph smith
like wtf really
joseph is more important than jesus
dont forget that
a man named joseph smith decides if your life is filled with sex or you never get it again
it's not even hell
it's just
YOU CANT REPRODUCE
"ok"
HAHA
NO CELESTIAL CHILDREN FOR YOU
YOURE NOT ALLOWED TO VISIT EARTH AND RAPE MORTALS
YOURE TOO EVIL
lol
I hate the use of that word
celestial
like they don't know what is really going on
and celestial is honestly such an ambiguous word
JUST UP IN THE STARS
MAGIC
celestial could be used to describe anything ashley painter wears
drugs and magic
and cats
thats what celestial means
hand the color purple
purple is super celesital
it means girls with those shirts that go over their shoulders covered in fake pictures of constellations
u no
yea ashley
haha
hahahaha
yep
fucking dirty rich kid hippie wannabees
hippies are better than these scum
than rich people who want so badly to be hippies that they make asses of themselves
Yeah
like they are like "lets play with light up hoolahoops and live in apartments our parents pay for"
Lets dread a strand of hair and quote the grateful dead
hahaha daisy
yep
and fucking emily dusic
i hate dat bitch
everyone that goes to bonaroo
hahahaha
yes hahaha
"the bonaroo girl"
my new stereotype
i have always said
that i would suicide 'splode AllGood
i dont want obama watching me
meaning
so I said 'splode
HAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
HAHA
HAHAHAHA
dying
There are some worth while acts at these festivals
however
You can see them without OD'ing and giving up showering for a week to get rid of your guilt for being rich
i said it, yeah
HAHAHAHAH
OMG
YES
PREACH
make that a status so i can like it
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN
"???"
is it self loathing or delusions of grandeur? or do the delusions turn into loathing and sex addiction after half their brain is fried from doing ecstasy every time they have an "orgy" (touching each other)
I wish I could
I just
omg im laughing
I'm not up for the controversy
Bella has friends who are like that
I don't want fussing
hahaha
im totally up for it hahaha
i beg people like that to STEP TO ME
you can quote me anonymously and post shit I say
If that pleasures your fancy
wait
"nvusbvousbvwuobsbv" -anonymous
pleasures your pleasure
people will be like
"you said it"
you just said anonymous because it was you
pussy
hahaha
that's what theyll say
yeah
quote me then
eh too tired now
poop
I don't give a tit
hahahaha
have you seen penn & teller?
their show?
"Bullshit"
I know of it
why?
its so good
I have to sleep
what?
haha
I need to go to sleep
aw maaaan
I will not get 8 hours if I dont go right now
BYD
e
BYE BYE
holy crap do you remember the show pepper ann
DO YOU
hell yea son
ok
me 2
haha
i tried to hang out with josh today
how'd that g-0
but he had already planned lunch with maber -.-
amber
maber hahahaha
sorry
i thought he was just blowing me off
but that blows
DOUBLE USE OF THE WORD BLOW
but look how weird this gets when i ask him about it
ok
send
let me find it on my phone, not showing up online...
How lame
basically
i was like, if you dont want me to ask to hang out just tell me
and hes like, im sorry, i had no time, etc etc
and im like, really, if you dont want to hang out ill stop asking
and hes like no its fine
and i said, you swear?
and he was like, im not fucking 12
and then he "laughed it off"
but anyways, he didnt blow me off
it seems hes still interested in hanging out on occasion
i just miss you and he's to closest thing to you because he's a male libra that i can analyze
lolol
HAHA
You know what I think
?
I told chris what you said about josh needing my emotional validation, and he totally gets it now
I think he's constantly projecting his fucked of idealism of your relationship on to you by being close, then being distant, then being cruel because he can't deal with the fact that on principle (his own principles that he would never go back on) pursue you
He thinks that he's sabotaging himself so he gets mad that he can't be closer to you and acts...weird
But in all reality you can't sabotage yourself
I've obviously thought about this
hahaha
He's never cruel, but he gets kind of close sometimes.  He lets me call him on it usually.
I think what he said about "being fucking 12" was kind of cruel, but then he like backed off
It's not like he's mean to you
it's just like what would possess him to say that and then laught it off
He's so interesting
heis!
thank you for understanding my fascination from a sociological point
haha
I would interact with him just to objectively observe my own interaction with him. Like I'd think about what I was gonna say and do before I do it.
Like how does he respond to this and that
what pushes his buttons
Can I catch him in a lie
When does he get overly excited
dude you're right he's my new charlie, but by proxy (you)
hahah
I just reblogged this thing about the reptile expo, it has a gooood number of notes. Did you post it?
Jamee posted it lol
But when I told him I have trust issues, he said "friends don't lie about things that hurt you."
Analyze that haha
He's overgeneralizing. He had a friend hurt him so he thinks that's how it is, and he probably now takes pleasure in being "brutally" honest with others, but he's just displacing his anger about that "one time or so" someone said something he knew was true but he didn't want to accept.
also, 
He constantly tries to intellectualize everything. Emotions can never be a factor. Everything has to be rational and he can't accept that we live in an irrational world.
OMG
I want to use him for my thesis
stay friends with him
I'd probably need his consent
no nvm, that's completely inappropriate hahaha
You hit the nail on the head lolol
I think that's why he hates religion so much. I don't believe in god but I can accept it's existence. It sort of bugs me that he can't haha
I mean I believe in elohim but
Hahaha Elohim
Thanks to your insight I think Chris is okay with me being around josh now, which is awesome because I usually catch hell just for talking to him.
It was only through the power of the mormon jesus
and joseph smith
you know this is gonna be a "thing" for a while
yeah josh is harmless, he's just emotional wreckage
Hahaha, yea he's harmless because you have to admit he's smart for not shitting where he eats.  Plus I believe he's pretty jealous of the relationship Chris and I have.
But he will never try to make a move, and neither will I.
michaellll
i have a complete loss of appetite, do you ever get that?
i sent this to josh hahaha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/monicatan/20-worst-things-you-can-do-while-nursing-a-broken-heart
I'll click that when I'm not in public lol
i mean you wont die laughing
but its SO ACCURATE of josh's behavior
it was kind of a borderline offensive way to show him what he acts like
hahaha
He Like acts really Freudian (and I hate Freud it's all nonsense) but then there's this fucking guy
And i can't wait to read this haha
hahahaha why do you hate freud?  and ive basically been trying to interpret his nonsense through freudian values...so i can make sense of it haha
he might be your subject of your "freudian man" thesis hahaha
Because its pseudoscience. It's unprovable and problematically Condescending hahah
But it makes you feel smart
thats very true hahaha
it's ONE GUY'S vbiew on social behavior
lol
With no experiments or anything. Psychologists typically hate it. Normal people love it because you can chop up someone's behavior and feel like a bad ass
(Haha, ha, haha)
LOLOL
Freud thinks sons inherently desire their mothers sexually so there's that hahaha
LIKE NO IM NOT COMPETING WITH MY FATHER MY PARENTS ARE DIVOOOOOOOORRRCED NOWWWWWW
hahaha jesus
yea everything with freud is about sex
but then you look at josh....
and it's like, maybe freud was onto something
hahaha
He obsessed with sex
Haha hahaha yeah
Why are my "ha" 's being split up damn it
who even knows
freudian slip
obv.
hahaha
ASS FACE
ASS
so if i feel like recently josh is becoming "chimmier" with me
chummier
then
whats next?
maybe he'll withdrawal again?
If it fits the pattern
Ask elohim
i will, during my private prayer session
im so bored halp me
I just payed the security deposit on my first apartment
Whoa
yea dude haha, good for you!
when do you move in?
August. Much fear very adult
hahaha
it's fine
any utilities included?  what size apartment?
Gas which is cool. And I dunno the specific size just a one bedroom. Haha. So child
i dont know the footage of mine either
but gas is good
how much will you pay a month?
Yeah that's the most expensive utility really. And 460.
damn!
thats not bad
depending on location and whatnot
but thats really not bad
How do I interpret that damn
YEAH I KNOW
Most around here for one person ate like 700+ if they aren't already occupied
I lucked out
Haha
wow awesome man, we totally lucked out as well.  good things happen to good people =]
Occasionally yes! And when they finally do its so pleasurable
pleasurable is not gross
pleasure is
haha
Hahaha w t f
I imagine an older gentleman from new England saying pleasure with such enthusiasm when I type it
play-sure
Hahahahahahaha
Play szhoor
LIKE THAT SOC TEACHER IN HIGH SCHOOL
Pleshya
omg forgot about him haha
he was nice
We mocked him the whole class tho haha
we did
we're kind of mean sometimes
but we dont mean it
except on occasion we do lol
We liked him so
dude im so tired
i overslept today because my iphone has an alarm glitch
apparently a lot of them do, people have posted about their iphones making them get fired
DUDE mine did that
yea so fuck the iphone for real haha
so do you wear vans/toms?
check out my gecko friend's etsy page...she does AMAZING custom ones for pretty cheap, and the paint on them lasts years
http://www.etsy.com/shop/KristenMakesArt?ref=l2-shop-header-avatar
As soon as I get back to my room I'll open up the link
But sweet sounds awesome
yea dude shes going to paint me a custom gecko pair with geckos on top of like spike quartz
its gon be siiick
vans of course, i dont wear toms.  too stinky haha
Word
what are up to today?
just getting my lease signed honestly. That was todays 'big goal' hahaha
thats must be exciting!  im excited for you!
I'm not looking forward to working fulltime this summer. Not one bit. At least I'll have cool "insane person" stories to share
yes please share those
also you should look forward to being home over the summer
because frans
OH YES
we gon party \m/
Like it's 19-
99 and we're in miss porta's class!
hahaha
man i cant believe today is like my monday.
don't dip your god damn cookie in your water and sit DOWN on the trolley
HOw is that?
HAHAHA WHAT
preschool
i miss those trolley rides
lol
YEAH
and cookies have to be dipped in SOMETHING
SHUT UP
I used to day dream about using electric currents to hurt everyone in our class, but not seriously
like electric currents shaped like neon jungle gyms
.......YOURE INSANE
ENOUGH
hahahahaha
THIS IS A JUDGE MENT FREE Z O N E
yah right lol
it is, but im not judging you
just pointing out the obvious
hurr
hahaha
IT IS WHAT IT IS
AND STAY HYDRATED
all things aside youre right about that last thing
I need to drink more
*WHISKEY*
*dance-move*
what is it with "scholarly" men and whisky haha
wait
you have to spell it right
depending on where it came from it's spelled differently
oops you're right
haha
i thought it was like
I forget how it works...
gray and grey
I like grey
I think the irish is wishy?
dammit haha
i like grey more
because gray is just "gay" with an R added.  and i aint no homo.
It also seems like they a child would spell it, without a full understanding of how FUCKED the english language is
gray
NO CHILD
ITS AN E
HEAR IT
HAHAHA
....listen....shhhhhh....
lolol
*puts finger to lips*
*is a mean librarian*
*hush child*
OMG I HAVE TO SHARE A WORK STORY
*adjusts new rec-specs*
ok
SHARE
Travis convinced this dude james that hedgehogs travel at mach speeds, making them the fastest animal on the planet
no
no
no
no
hahaah
i mean travis knows its a lie
obviously
but james is black and knows nothing
but james
come ON JAMES
HAHAHAHAHA
GET YOU'RE HEAD IN THE GAME MAN
*british explorer voice*
that's how i needed that conveyed
SHIT JAMES, GET IT TOGETHER
speaking of james...
another james just got fired
he was a mutual friend of josh and i
isn't james the name of that ridiculous rapper on youtube's friend
KRISPY KREME
anywa
i dont remember...
why'd he get fired?
hahaha
well he worked under josh (HAHAHA) for awhile, then moved to QA, and was shitty at it.  The only reason he wasnt fired under josh (LOOOL) is probably because they were friends.
nepotism is great
It's what this canada was built on
that and jehova
josh knows about that
You do know that he can NEVER live that down
EVER
dude just talk to him about being a witness
its hours of entertainment
like is it really free mason-y with a lot of fucked up shit
or just not that interesting but stilll weird
haha
I'm sure being raised that way and realizing THERE IS NO GOD made him this way
YEP
exactly
i think josh is showing signs of is homosexuallity
like it's a fucking disease
seriously
hahahahhaha
hahahaha
well i was asking him about james
and he goes
"hes my boy"
and hes MAYBE manly enough for that to be a masculine term
but its a thin line
dude he's not masculine enough. He TRIES to be UN masculine for god knows what reason
haha
it is a thin line
Josh: "I'm so deep
in james"
nah jk
OMG HAHAHAHA
SHUT UP LOOOOOL
hahahaha
i dont think james is his type, plus i know josh doesnt get laid
because if he did, he wouldnt talk to me
hahaha
HAHA
james is like a dawrf bald gay guy
who is round shaped kind of
hes like...5 feet tall i think
Dear god he must send women around him in to insanity ovulation spasms, no wonder josh is so turned on
I didn't actually say that
it was off the record
hold up hahaha
explain
I regret typing that out and hitting send
haha
DUDE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
DO YOU REMEMBER TATYANA FROM MIDDLE SCHOOL
HAHA
yes! the skinny one with the horse face?1
YES
SHE JUST POSTED ONE OF THOSE MONEY MAKING SCHEME PHOTOS, (LIKE SHE ALWAYS DOES) AND IT'S A PHOTO OF A PILE OF MONEY WITH WHAT CAN ONLY BE A "TRADING CARD" OR "CONDOM" ON THE TOP
okay so if we're talking about the same person
she works here
no
seriously
haha
yes
she had a baby
she was in training class with me
she did
now youve got me wondering if josh is fucking the dwarf gay guy
I saw on facebook
HAHAHAAHA
haha
NOW I NEED TO KNOW
i cant just ask him
yeh
he'll be like IM NOT GAY
see
I would say "no"
not IM NOT GAY
actually he would probably say "not even james wants me"
hahahaha
think about this though
seriosuly dude
are you FB friends with josh?
No
add him haha
he posts only like sexual news articles
and then talks about his sex life in the comments
i swear
I didn't want it to be a thing to where like every time I add one of your newly acquired weirdos (charlie, dustin, bob, long hair guy) they like over analyze it and talk to you extensively about it
who am I kidding I've enjoyed every bit of these people
haha
Who was long hair guy again
like the guitar
possibly schizoaffective
dustin?
friend swith bobbert
ohhh
think high school
corey!!
hahaha
YES
i see him every once in a blue moon
he always hugs me
KC GYM GUY
haha
really?
yea it's like we're "old friends" or some shit
hes always with his mom
your relationship was more complicated than that
it was more like an alliance
friend is to general of a word
it was a friendship
but different
it was.  i knew no meaning or purpose to life, so i was like, why not hang out in the crazy group?
and i was like "stop so weird" but it was obvious i was milking it
we both wanted to destroy bob lol
I hung out with you guys haha
you did sometimes haha
We once saw him at the movies and his weird schizo personality told him to pretend you weren't close and give you thie weirdest greeting ever and ignore me even though he'd met me several times
That bugged me a lot
hahaha
we put him really high up in terms of people we knew
i dont know why but we did.  he was tall and older than us.
that is simplistic but makes so much sense and is probably more true than I'll ever want to admit
hahaha
also he said he was magic
he never proved it
but never disproved it
I'm just glad that josh is literally the polar opposite of corey.  He would kick corey's ass, and unlike corey, he wouldnt just threaten it.
Corey would just cast an aztec curse
OMG HAHAHAHA
I FORGOT HE IS AN AZTEC GOD
IDIOT *dwight voice*
he is
4 ever
hahahaha
dwight voice
at least you get the message I'm conveying
hahaha
"MIIIIIICHAEEELLLLLLLL *dwight voice*"  -my mom when she's mad
that kind of
OMG HAHAHAH YES
i love that
that's like a double quote
it is
wow
much word
right? yes
die antwoord is touring the US =/
too bad im poor haha
I refuse to look at any band/act/musicians tour because by the time I can afford to see ANYONE they'll be too old to enjoy anymore. Like baby boomers and the fucking rolling stones. Just too old
hahaha
i give up on seeing anyone live
I have youtube
because of my totally ruined trip to NYC to see unicorn kid
and then morrissey cancelled on me
OH yeah
i forgot all about that
yep so i cant even care anymore
also this whole company is a scam
so whatever
dude being on the inside of venues and tickets probably is really disappointing. like you know how scammy it really is haha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/alanwhite/13-seriously-disturbing-pictures-of-childrens-nightmares
omg
DEAR ELOHIM
OH MY
im gonna look give me just a minute haha
like a dog with no legs, youll find me where you left me
no u rnt
its die antwoord
the lyrics are wicked
also i suspect they will be collabing with aphex twin
thats why google reaped not a result!
I See
and that would be sweet
hahahaha google reaped a result
reaped NOT a result
aw =/
i know why
im just following the clues yo
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151877800501971&set=a.81773461970.90028.80749331970&type=1&theater
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
;)
OH
OH
OH
oh and josh thinks dj shadow is better than aphex
and im like
I WILL MURDER YOU
Shut up no one is better than aphex basically
and I SEE THE CLUE
It was hard to interpret that foreign word salad so it took me a minute to see where what you meat
HAHA
meat
WORD SALAD
HAHAHAHA
I kinda like that term
I never use it properly
I think it's short for schizophasia
it's code for
"insane person nonsensical talking"
ohhhhh
okay then i love that
so much
I would like 1 word sal-AD with fat free oils
earl and bingar
HAHAHAHA WHAT
oHHHHHhhh
hahahahahaha
As jehova as MY witness, that is the funniest thing I've seen all day
OILS.
I should really be doing something more productive than shouting non sense hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
AS JEHOVA AS MY WITNESS
OMG
with him as MYYYYYYYYY witness
I do declare
josh hates die antwoord so fucking much
i don't hate
like, theyre his least favorite people in the world haha
im just like, i disagree with you, let's fight
HAHA
proceed to "love it"
don't take that out of context
it is not innuendo
HE LOVES FIGHTIN'
I should know
he tried to fight me
Here's how it would've gone down
he ignored my fight invitation to tell me more reasons he hates die antwoord
haha tell me
*josh approaches with fists of rage*

*Michael dougies*

*neuro-blast*

*josh dies in a dragon ball z-type fashion*
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i think he may have just told me to "DIAF"
hahahaha
what hahah
oh shit he started with "hunter."
this should be a good one hahahaha
what is diaf
awwwww look at dis hahahaha
die in a fire
ok
look how cute :3
" lordmacbayne:  hunter.
i despise this band and i loathe its fans.
but even if you were the biggest of them
you're my friend.
i don't want you to die in a fire.
for fucksake."
THAT IS SO FUCKING RANDOM HOW IS ANYONE SUPPOSED TO KNOW THAT. I hope you ESOA
That is truly a beautiful sentiment
hahahaha
let me show you the set up for why he said that
ok
" lordmacbayne:  post-modernism is bored hipster cancer.
im sick to fucking death of it.
DIAF."
then i said "I can't really tell if you've now told me twice to die or if you're just seething with rage against these people.
haha"
hahaha
he doesn't understand what postmodernism is it's bigger than all of us *claps and teleports away like night crawler*
and you did that on purpose
YOU KNEW
i knew he would say something sweet so i pushed him haha
HAHAHA
i get tired of all his anger
i have to force the anger away sometimes
I watched this documentary about stress
and according to very recent science
it kills you
like
takes years off your life
yea im sure it does
I think our daily interactions of nonsense counter that
i hope so
they make me laugh a lot  *claps and teleports away like night crawler*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAa
hahahahahaha
can that be our new thing
like that was the weirdes t thing I've said today
also josh is going to die if he doesn't lighten up is what I was getting at
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
hahaha
well did you read the buzzfeed link i sent you?
it was kind of my way of telling him to lighten up
OH SHOOT
NOT YET
resend
because i mean christ...he gets like 4 hours of sleep a night, and his eyes are RED all the time
he looks like he has serious blood pressure issues
but he works out like every day
he's like a blonde komodo dragon
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
sounds like an amphetamine abuser
read back what you sent to me
haha
HAHAHAHAHA
when i first saw him, i said "that dude shoots heroin"
HA
and then i was like "i have to be his friend"
one year later, i have achieved that ^^
hahaha
he sounds like aheavy drug abuser
which i thought he was, forever
even after we started talking
I sitll think he might be by the way
i still suspected
you don't really know him
I mean you do
but he is sly
I'll give him that
but like....he hates drugs
he wont smoke weed\
EXACTLY
read that back to yourself and think about what I said
GAH NOW I WILL NEVER FUCKING KNOW
i feel like he huffs his own sorrow
BAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
*Fresh hi5 for that one* solid jokes! *claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
hahahaha
I have it in my clipboard
yes yes!
i wish there were other people who found our subtexts funnty
I do because they are golden and we would be rich
but I don't because they wouldn't be ours
The closest I've come to our brand of comedy is following rob delany on twitter, and he's still not weird enough to satisfy...the urge
THE URGE
THE CRAVING
we're like intelligent tim and eric
or rather
HAHAHA
non disgusting
dude I love tim and eric
mostly
like
only a few things really get to me
their movie was horrid
have you seen the christmas thing with the nipples that lactate
that was too much
NO
HAHAHA
GOD NO
i think josh got pissed off because he realized that i tricked him into being overly nice
hahahaha
hes like DAMMIT SHE GOT ME
i know it
only he would figure that out because he's that obsessive
he's like perceptive in a way that is perceptive because he desires to be perceptive
it's because after he said that to me, i was justg like "I know!" haha
like all people who want to be "different"
sigh
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
i actually AM dead on perceptive
im so good at reading people
that i can serious get anyone to do anything
same here. that's why I know that when people say my jokes aren't funny thay r lying #no
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
hahahaha #funny
I'm good at spotting freaks. I don't sit around reading faces but when someone is threatening to me or has the vibes of an insane person I can almost smell it
I got that from josh haha
I swear there's some kind of pheromone involved
like the one that causes girls to have their period at the same time
do you want my gmail password just to read the shit yourself? hahaha
HAHAHA
In a way
but I'll be to occupied with it
on a later date
yes
okay well my email is blaqnbloo@gmail
and my password for some reason is Iamthebear123
Don't try and justify your passwords
I hate that
they're always gonna be weird
they're personal and no one will guess them
exactly!
one of mine is "Davidwallce2800021833"
OMG HAHAHAHA
thats so awesome
i still dabble in I'm awesome without the e
hahaha
because deep down, I'm a huge narcissist, and as Ironic as everyone thinks that pw is, I believe it.
hahahaha
josh just sent me a FB link to a long thread on his sister's FB....
HAHAHA
why
i dont know, let me read
is she also a blonde komodo dragon
im going to tell him that you said that
hahahaha
HAHAHAHA
ok
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
*fucks mary like elohim*
this is what he just sent me from his sister
"Mom told me a story where she was working despite having pneumonia and was too exhausted to spank Josh so she told him to spank himself...... and he did and then made himself cry while doing it. God, were such a screwed.up family lol!"
I bet he's a nightmare to have sex with for anyone
HAHAHAHAHA
OMH LOOOOOL
what is your reasoning?
The spanking himself at a young age because his mommy told him to
fucking come on dude
like what do you think
hahaha
that's 4 kinds of fucked up
he said that he was crying because he wasnt doing it right
im just like
woah
hahaha
oh josh
i think i responded incorrectly hahahaha
I bet he spanks himself in front of the bathroom mirror
" me:  OMG hahahahaha
that is fucking adorable
Obviously fucked up but
Without the crying part
it's cute
Talk about a masochist.
 Sent at 6:51 PM on Tuesday
 me:  I'm now realizing that you probably don't want me to think it is funny/cute.
 "
HAHAHA
Oh dear
obviously it was a traumatic event and he was opening up in some way
OOPS
hahaha
yea i mean i just read the very first post
not his comments about not beating himself hard enough
now i feel like a jack ass
hahahahahaha
Now I have to hold off on the komodo dragon thing =/
laaame
AWH
solution
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
HAHAHA
IN A PUFF OF SMOKE
oh apparently he wasnt offended
ohjhh
good
?
he's "not bothered by it"
hahaha
freak
now time for komodo dragon
omg his sister knows
"i think my sister thinks its trauma or something."
im like...it could be trauma
hahaha
hahahaha
omg
let me wait for his response hahaha
komodo dragon
hes just like
i dont follow, but ok
hahaha
got stop with the josh, chris is gonna come over here =/
we can analyze later haha
OKAY
WELL
I'm trying to think where I stole with jehova as my witness
It was something recent
thats really funny
and i want to use that on a daily basis
DO IT
but i know i can only say it to you
hahaha
I like the phrase
oh yeah
offensive
haha
i mean not offensive so much as just weird
hahaha
Ok
I stole it from scrubs
(also such a funny show, no surprise)
with elohim as my witness
scrubs is awesome but i dont watch much of it
i see it in doctors' offices haha
NO SURPRISE THERE
I used to watch it and then I recently rewatched the whole series a couple of times. I like it in a different way then when I saw it in like middle school
haha
AND that, is kind of funny that they play it there haha
i know that was the joke
IM SO META
almost time to leave
and then go home and do NOTHING
because i have no drugz
how u gettin home
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
riiiiiight
I'm going to clap and teleport away like nightcrawler
duh
why did I make that so wordy
haha
also
since when did he clap
like
that's not a thing
he doesnt
thought so
but in your mind, you as nightcrawler lieks to clap
likes
you could have left that, but you know that I know that people spell like in that way so you corrected yourself
right?
Becuse you don't fix every typo
JUST AN OBSERVATION
i fix a lot of them, especially if i typo something that makes it look like im trying to be cool
like "teh"
haha
Right
You don't want me to think you're using internet lexicon or anything
haha
I am the same way
my computer always underlines my misspellings, which is a #blessing and a curse
LEXICON
yes
well dude ive gotta wrap up my work before i leave
ill ttyl yooo
Vernacular
what ever
BYE
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
hahahaha *does the same8
failure
*the silence of the night*
get out
OUT
hahaha
8
i will
bye
with my teleporter
LEAVE NOW
BYE
LEAVE
GO
WE DONT WANT YOU HERE ANYMORE
GET OUT OF HERE
why the long face horse?
I was trying to emulate harry and the hendersons
DONT YOU UNDERSTAND
nope not at all
WE DONT WANT YOU AT WORK ANMORE
haha
everything in caps is quotes
i think
okay well BAI NOW
so chris cant stay out of my phone and saw i was talking to josh and literally threw my phone at me
is that rational?
i cant tell
I CANT EVEN HAVE ANY FUCKING FRIENDS
all he wants to do is tell me who i can talk to
like I FUCKING UNDERSTAND THAT JOSH WAS AN ISSUE AT SOME POINT
BUT HES NOT ANYMORE BECAUSE IM NOT MENTALLY RETARDED
you know the ENTIRE josh saga
would you give a shit?
I mean, especially if you were ALWAYS reading my shit
you would know if something was up
Want a male perspective
Or to be reassured
I can do both
both
Gimme on sec
okay thank you
It seriously infuriates me that he thinks id do something behind his back
does he not remember when all the bullshit went down, it was only because i CONFRONTED HIM ABOUT MY FEELINGS
i told him how i felt and he flipped shit!  it's not like he caught me doing something.
If I were having issues, I would go to him first.
I have proven this.,.
I know you. You have a history of, well not cheating and shit, but cheating occasionally and later "rationalizing it" then regretting it. I've seen you do it. Your relationship with josh bothers me at times, but the fact that we talk about it often relieves these issues because you aren't romantically attracted to the guy and that's obvious. Chris is experiencing typical guy jealousy. I get it about the most ridiculous shit. Guys are predisposed to think that other men are going to try and "steal their mate." That's just how it works. Often, the reactions are off. Now to business...Chris is cool. I like chris. (too much?) Although, chris is a bit childish, which isn't the worst thing in the world, but he needs to face his problems in a more mature way. He seems to exhibit feelings I have about bella talking with another guy or something, but acts on them. The issues is letting his emotions get the upper hand and doing things like throwing a phone. That's absurd. Now to the josh thing that "almost happened." that almost happened. You know it did, he knows it did. If it were any other guy, I don't think he'd be AS mad (mad still yet) but josh is a really sensitive area. Give him some time to cope with that. It was devastating to think that after so long you considered someone else. It probably hurt a lot and that's why he's so defensive. In addition, you've matured, and obviously you DID go to him when you had issues. However, like I said, that doesn't mean he has to have the same feeling as you about the situation. He is allowed to feel angry about that. You are allowed to feel angry about him feeling angry about it and acting out. This isn't a right or wrong argument.
hahaha
how do you not have your degree?
Also, let me remind you, the only times I've cheated are when the person I was cheating WITH was who I wanted to BE with.  Not just some schmo.  I didn't just cheat and then go back like nothing happened.  I cheated and then told the person I was with, and apologized, and moved on.
Thinking of Josh as an actual important part of my life is laughable.  I'm BPD.  All I need is another BPD person to feed off of.  Doesn't have to be josh.
rationalized still. that's not what this is about
Right
It doesn'tbut you need friends, everyone does, and josh is a friend
That's the main reason that I get angry.
If I can't talk to you, I talk to Josh.
If it weren't for Josh keeping me entertained, I'd probably be looking for friends from my past to talk to.  People who get me in trouble.
I'd definitely be in Cross Lanes more.
Because I'm a creature of habit.
I just need someone to talk to.  That's all I need.  Someone to go places and hangout with.  And Chris is perfect for that, and I love him more than anything in the world, but I'm POSITIVE that you know that it's not healthy to only want to spend time with one's partner.  It isolates you.
Plus, my best friends live hours away from me.
: (
He chilled out really fast...like 10 minutes after he threw the phone he's fine.
He was like, hey tell josh not to hire this kid named joey because hes annoying
And totally wasn't being nasty or anything.
I don't understand
I mean...he said I could hang out with him Monday
Why can't I talk to him?
I'm not sure honestly.
Sometimes he doesn't care, sometimes he does.
wait
I think I know what it is.
Tell me because I think so too
haha
Anytime I'm talking to Josh about mundane things, Chris gets pissed. Like, stuff going on in my life or things I'm thinking about.
yep
He's jealous of the emotional connection, like things you might share with josh that you don't share with him
Like he feels left out
in a sense
Thank you for being on the same page as me haha
WE ARE ONE
anyways, i think youre right
No I really think that's it. I'm not same paging you haha
If that's a thing
At the same time, I am being on the same page as you
*friend power*
5-Alpha-Reductase Deficiency At puberty unconverted testosterone produces male secondary sex characteristics
FUCK
NIGHT CRAWLER
FUCK
I changed my clipboard
hold on
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
loool
*blushes*
OOPS
hahahaha
*teehee*
so what should i do to remedy this situation that im in?
I feel like I'm doing nothing wrong.
I am open and honest with Chris,
And chris feels like he's doing nothing wrong
It isn't a matter of "you doing what you're supposed to"
because you by definition, are
You guys need to talk more about exactly how you're feeling, in a non-judgmental way
Just engage
Like identify how you feel, and pin it on something specific, like what specifically is really making you feel that way
it's a talking thing
not a trust thing
i dont feel like i could explain the pseudo-emotional connection though, to chris
Think of a way.
In the most basic way you can. Because I may even have trouble getting it
I need josh as a friend because he ______
anything i insert there will sound bad haha
Chris reciprocates --> I feel _____ about that because ____
well
give me an example
haha
because I have some serious issues that I deal with well by talking to someone and confding in someone.  you get the brunt of my crazy and josh gives me a lot of good advice that sometimes helps to calm the storm.
he also shares a lot of interests with me, which we talk about
that sounds bad
Okay, so let me sum this up in a way that makes sense to me and tell me if it's accurate, because the danger is saying something that makes chris feel like he can't be enough for you
yes
"I talk to josh because we share interests and like to discuss them. Often times, he gives me really good advice. I consider him a good friend"
that's what I got
What you want to avoid...
that's genius!
are loaded words
like
SERIOUS
CRAZY
PROBLEMS
okay so youre really fucking good at this
and you have helped me a great deal
Glad to do it!
thank you <3333
: ]]]]]]]]
this is why youre my BFFFFF
<3 *score*
hahaha
*crisis averted*
Let's hope so!
I can't believe I copied something other than the nightcrawler thing
That was awful for me
haha
hahahaha
nightcrawlers
playing nightcrawlers
ew that sounds like a really FAST, ARACHNID#
from down under
do you not watch Sunny?
get with it
dweeb
OH OH OH OH OH
HAHAHAHAHHA
dweeb is my new word
im bringing it back
dude is that where charlie and frank just fucking crawl around in the night
HAHAHAHAHA
theyre like man children
hahaha
I haven't watched it in a piping hot minute fresh out of the oven
and dweeb is a nice word
there was a new season recently
and dweeb is awesome
reminds me of the best movie ever, the breakfast club
that movie makes my heart warm
HAHA
i like it
LOVE
only seen it a couple of times
YOU LOVE IT
hahaha
DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO LOVE
im sorry
I WONT PUT CHAINS ON YOUR HEART
hahahahaha
what even
"I CAN'T EVEN" -white girl android as she twitches from electrical malfunction due to many 'pumpkin spice' lattes
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMGGGG
too funny
i read that again today
and laughed
its funny
Read what again?! haha
robot girlfriends
girlfriend
omg
dear elohim
the transition from the product pitch to the politic stance is so poor hahaha
that's the early one right?
or the one with the sex
well
the graphic sex
thats the short one he sent me
no its just a one page essay
OH
Ok
I remember that
hahahaha
THE GRAPHIC SEX
Someone is having sex near me
HAHAHAH
I hear the bed
it is moving
GROSS
EW
NOOO
RUN
hahaha
It may be above me...
this is kinda gross
hey
I'll just imagine it's two majestic giraffes making love on the beautiful savannah on nat geo
turn on animal planet to set the mood
I never liked steve irwin I just pretended because everyone else did he was not interesting to me I just liked when there was a disembodied voice narrating so I COULD just watch the animals
OMG I DONT EVEN KNOW YOU
GET OUT NOW
I don't get it
HE WAS THE MOST CHEERFUL MAN ON THE PLANET
I mean he's delightful
YOU BLASPHEME
RIGHT
but I like the disembodied voice more
He truly was a delight to watch. I just thought he was a cliche and like I said, preferred watching the animals without him
i guess i understand
but i dont agree
i loved watching him
I can't remember if I said this to get a rise out of you or if I mean it. At the time, I was just imagining the programming with the disembodied voice
FUCK
I guess I need to watch him
haha
you do!
his birthday was last week
what is sad
is that
our AFT gecko
named after steve
is about to die
COSMIC IRONY IF I'VE EVER SEEN IT
this isn't funny
i know
I just don't know how else to respond
but I am sorry
chris cried about it so
haha
hes had him for 8 years
awh okay that's different
that is quite sad
hes just like, steve has gone through more with me than anyone
i feel so bad for him
steve is his ol buddy
like ol blue
I can't imagine one of my pets dying. Sometimes I just think about my dog dying and how I'm going to respond or if she should be replaced
I am keeping dna samples for when the day comes
hitler dying will tear me up
hahahahaha
good idea!
seriously
in our lifetime
pet cloning will be a thing
I would put money on it
i would too
its gon happen
3d printers are in homes now
chris wants one
bella uses one sometimes
for fashion classes or something
she like, printed a scarf
like a full scarf
hahah
thats FUCKING AMAZING
I kind of want to use a 3d printer to print like naked pictures of celebrities and drop them at random restaraunts around time
the nice ones are expensive
town*
like a thousand dollars
Hahaha
fuck dude
like whaat would be the first thing you'd print
i want to make cartoon characters of my own in figure state
that's a good idea
yep i could make geckos
literally
with your hands
YOU COULD CREATE
gecko
i could
im sitting beside an incubating egg
actually i have 3 different species about to lay right now
let me go check on the egg boxes
brb
haha ok
done
no babies
yay car
in a few months lol
i had to spend like 500 on other stuff
important neccesities
oh life
im going to be saving as much as possible, so i decided to pay off all debts/needs right now so any extra money i have is going to go straight to the car
that's agreat ide
a
thank you, it was all mine :D
haha
With no debts you can actually save
exactly!
so it may take longer but you can eventually get the car
you have to get those out of the way first
omg dude
i got a motherfucking 250 dollar gas bill
holy god
how
LIke missed payments
or heavy use?
no our last payment was 168 and we paid that
our house is so poorly insulated
Damn it
and heres the kicker
we only heat our downstairs
My old house used to be like that and our gas was outrageous
wow
that's pretty unbelievable
yea chris swore it was amistake and called the gas company, and it's not
damn
he talked to our landlord today
he's going to work on insulating stuff
Yeah that is pretty insane for just heating your downstairs
YEAH
that's his responsibility haha
It costs about that to heat my moms entire house
exactly, thats a fucking ridiculous bill
IT IS
I found out later yesterday that water is also included in my rent with the gas.  I just have to be conservative with electricity it seems haha
so i dont know how to approach the situation with chris
and thats an incredible deal
Oh yeah
I'd give it time to settle
i dont know how to deal with it before it becomes a big issue, and i also dont want to make it a big issue by talking about it
and go with the "Addressing feelings respectfully" thing
it may HAVE to be a big issue
you have to face that
it may not
i mean...i really hope it isnt
i just need his trust
which i dont deserve
for the the sake of chris being honest about his feelings, I almost hope it's a big deal. That way he's at least honest and you can talk it out. He's only been passive aggressive about it before
Which is worse than a big fight
if it becomes a big deal, then i will tell you know, the ONLY thing that will make him happy is blowing up josh's car (which he has planned before) or me just never being allowed to talk to him again
Chris is just the spitting image of an emotionally repressed male. I know how he's feeling. You just have to trust and get through it
Obviously, he can't do either of those things
Unfair to josh, unfair to you
He needs to find a different way to express this
like
actually saying how he feels
instead of being so insane about josh like saying he wants to blow hiis car up and things like that
He's just avoiding having a real discussion about it
and you need to initiate it
Under the notion that there are things other than causing harm to josh that will fix this for him
so it's not like horrifying and setting you up for failure
You're right.  One question though.  What if the only thing he will accept is me never talking to him again.  Should I accept that or is that extremeist?
Is that just him not wanting to compromise?
It's extreme. Make a comprpmise. Agree to talk about Josh to him sometimes maybe so the friendship isn't so closed off and "fishy" to hin
I dunno think of something haha
ive started doing that actually
Good then right?  It makes Chris feel more like a part of what's going on
exactly
But don't agree to end the friendship. That's unfair. Haha
like i told him about the hilarious buzzfeed article i sent to josh describing exactly how depressing he is about his ex
Hahaha god
That was a good example of something to share I think
thank you! lol
im broaching the subject with him now and hes acting like he doesnt care...
He's so closed off
The real discussion needs to be in his face and unavoidable
i mean hes talking about it
Okay good theb
Theb
"if it's as a friend, I dont care."
"Do I dislike him? Strongly. Am I jealous? Of course."
i countered with
"If you look at it objectively, josh has never been rude or mean to you.  if anything, hes gone out of his way to be nice."
Don't try and patronize him or analyze or break down that his feelings are invalid
Just say what you think
he says
What you just did was try to discredit his feeling
"Hanging out with him alone, I have a serious problem with."  how do i counter that?
Just say how you feel about it, without trying to draw lines through what he just said and invalidate it
"I understand that, and it's because you don't trust me.  But I'm trying to earn back your trust because I've been shitty and shifty and self destructive"
The more mature you are the more mature he should be in this conversation
i know
he just said
"Earning back the trust to hang out with josh, can't happen. I'm sorry for that."
how do i deal with that?
Explain to him about your friendship and why you enjoy it. Without loaded emotional terms. don't get defensive
before i hit send, how does this sound?
I gotta go but lemme know how this goes
"Josh is a good friend, we share a lot of interests, and he gives me good advice.  Good advice about how I should never leave you because you and I are soulmates.  He's on your team, Chris."
The "never leave you part" is excessive. Just say "he likes you as well chris" or something ya know. Being too kiss ass about it will raise his eyebrow haha
yea i suppose so
ill talk to you later, busy bee
Bye bye
How'd it go
well, pretty good
let me try to cop and paste
Okay cool
i said "But I've read time and time again that if you want to make a relationship last, you have to go hang out with your own friends sometimes, away from each otherLike you go with shawnIf I wanted to, I could have been incredibly angry about BOTH strip club incidentsBut I wasntbecause I understand"
because he said he doesnt understand because the only person he wants to be around is me
and then he ended it with "I don't care. Do what you want to do. Just dont fuck up.

Next time I'm done."
Which is completely fine.
Awesome for you. But he is being a child to the point to where he seems clinically depressed. Like he's super attatched, antisocial, cold. He needs to have other friends. It's great to be with you, but a healthy relationship needs more than that.  You hit the nail on the head there
Like he's so insecure it doesn't seem like he is being honest about trust for whatever reason
And that ultimatum is NOT fine. Relationships don't use ultimatums
Don't accept that so easily
Like the whple "next time" "don't fuck up" get up
what should i say?
It's up to you. You're being the adult. You aren't being selfish. You know as well as I do that being a social introvert will destroy your relationship. It's so insane for him to only want you and no other friends. He just sounds sad. I thought he would be mature about this. But it's really up to you dude
I told him that maybe at some point we should go to couples counseling because he seems like he's guarding his feelings, and i told him that he should try to be less introverted and try to make his own new friends
Right
AAAND he changed the subject instantly
I had issues like him
Seriously
Like maybe worse
I didn't vocalize any of them
But they were there
I had to go to counseling haha
Now I get relationships
would you maybe want to talk to him?  i told him that youve been helping me with talking to him about issues and that you have both of our best interests' at heart.
Sure. In person when I get back (12 days?) Or online
Online may work best for right now
but
12 DAYS!!!!!
Okay just remind me tomorrow. I've got a lot to do this evening I'm actually on my phone currently haha
And i know spoon
Okay.  Also I'm having lunch with Josh Monday and I told him when you come into town that if he wants to try a 2nd first impression to let me know haha
Or soon
HAHA ok
he said "meh"
which is am aybe
hahaha
he said he is "neutral"
which I believe is a "sure"
hahahaha
emo code language
Thank you for acknowledge ING that haha
Emo for___
i told him if he doesnt care ill try to arrange something
waiting for response haha
where would you want to hang out with josh?
in his element, starbucks?
hahaha
he needs to make up his mind
" lordmacbayne:  I'm generally against seeing anyone.
Ever"
-.-
jesus hahaha
" me:  Okay well pick one, because you were just neutral like two seconds ago.  =P
 lordmacbayne:  I said generally"
Dude when's he gonna realize that the old intellectual type he's trying to emulate is wrong. Old intellectual types love other people, they just thoroughly enjoy alone time haha
It's not JUST being introverted
"My neutral feeling here is comparatively positive."
LOL
so thats a yes hahaha
Okay that was fubby
hes so ridiculous
hahaha
he'll definitely meet with you again
he's just being josh
He is abaurd
" me:  I'm going to take that as a "sure, if I'm not busy".  Accurate enough?
 lordmacbayne:  Add a little more maybe
 me:  "maybe, if I'm not busy."  How's that suit you?
 "
hahaha
He might be weirded out by your advances hahahaha
My advances?
you followed him on tumblr out of no where
and i had to explain that to him by telling him you analyze people
he haaaaaatesss being analyzed
I know why
Same reason I hate it
because your eboth insane?
haha
We both feel like we're too smart to be analyzed and therefore we should be the ones doing the analyzing
Tell me I'm wrong
We share that awful trait if any
Lolol
I agree
but
I do like being analyzed
because I care too much
Josh and I are both incredibly self absorbed and like feeling like the hero. That's why we both spew advice at you.  It's disgusting but it's just something with both share
Whether it's good or bad advice anyway doesn't mattwr
hahahaha you guys are just cramming information down my throat
I can't think of anything else I have in common with the guy other than being a sack of shit haha
HAHAHA
omg let me show you this one thing chris said about me not texting him the last time i hung out with josh hahaha
Haha ok
"Just the occasional "He hasnt killed me" or "There isnt a penis inside me" would do."
HAHAHAHA
That's kind of horrendously funny lol
isn't it?
like i totally respect what hes saying
but the way he said it
is hilarious
I understand his jealousy
But not the hatred
Josh has always been ridiculously nice to chris
That means nothing
You're trying go rationalize it
help me understand
It's Chris ' s emotion. He doesn't feel it because Josh was mean, or that would be an opinion. He feels it because he loves you and is threatened emotionally by Josh
hm i guess that makes sense.  kind of how i hated his ex whenever he would ask her for rides home and then stop texting me for awhile...
but to be fair, she went around telling people chris had sex with her in our bed
and i dont believe thats true, but you never know
I don't believe it
Honestly you do what I do
You try to rationalize everything. This shouldn't be this way because of X. Some things just are and some emotions just exist without reason
NOT IN MY WORLD. But I can see it from an outside perspectiv3
Oh god
Not 3 I meant e
haha
i can see it from the outsider perspective if that view is presented to me
otherwise i dont know that im seeing it incorrectly
That's what therapists family members or good friends are useful for in stressful situations. Haha
That's why you help me so much
I made a major break through on the way to calm waters today
thanks to you
That's awesome. Sometimes it's just helpful to hear someone explain what they see from the outside. You owe me the same in the future,  because things like this will Undoubtedly happen to me. I'm dating my polar opposite, so
Which isn't bad, I enjoy it. But see where I'm coming from
Yea I totally understand.  I did something really stupid last night and I got frustrated with Chris because he doesn't like ANY of my music and he wont read any books and just wants to play video games, and I was just a bitch about it because "in a perfect world" my mate would literally only like the things i like.  which would never happen.
No one gets that and if they do its so boring it doesn't last
I think differences are good
I guess you're right, I guess I just missed being with someone who would just jam out to the same stuff I do, and would be able to talk about books with me.  But, you're right, we see how that ended.
Those kinda people are just meant to be friends for some reason I think
ive always said that shayn and i should have just remained friends
yep
It still would've ended horribly though hahaha
oh yea haha
but if youre saying those kind of people should just be friends
then i think im doing okay with josh
i dont feel guilty about it because i dont have any reason to
i feel ashamed of my past actions
but thats not what this is anymore
It's not
Now is independent of the past
I wish others would understand the concept of "now".
You make choices in the now
just because you made a dumb choice then
i mean, it has no effect on your choice in the "now"
unless you learned from it
which i did
RIGHT
Haha
thank you for understanding
now when you meet josh again, because im about 90% sure he will give in, what would we even go do?
haha
im so bad at hosting meetings with people
I dc just not Starbucks
i dont either but remember the green tea drinks?
those are rad
Haha yes hut they dry your mouth
...do they?
hahaha
thats what i got last time we were there, because i hate coffee
it makes me sick
I love coffee just not Starbucks. They're fruit drinks are good
i dont like going places to eat with people because im self conscious about eating
it's just the only thing to do here if you dont want to make out in a nasty movie theatre
Or go to the mall and smoke mall dope with teens
hahahaha
smoke dope
rickys dope is not mall dope
i no this
will you do me a huge favor
?
I got an excuse from my professor to do interview questions on people I know rather than strangers because of anxiety (yes I know right), and I already sent one to bella, will you answer like six questions about how to behave in a library if I email them to you? haha
build up and then WHAM childsplay
yes!
haha
HAHA
note the subject line
I have something to show you
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10201384675480677&set=a.3873462796877.2133144.1287878310&type=1&theater
Just bask in its glory
I BSed that last survey question
and hold on haha
hahaha i saw that and wanted to say something
http://www.businessinsider.com/the-11-most-destructive-nutrition-lies-ever-told-2013-11
I'm on the phone with matt and he's telling me about dog anatom
y
haha
wtf why does he know about that haha
He's compulsive and all he does is read. Also we weren't even talking about dogs hahaha
matt is so awesome in the weirdest way
I'm surprised he's cared for his bearded dragon so well. You told me those were hard to take care of from a young age right?
yea theyre not super easy, but they arent super hard either
im glad hes learning so much
MODERATE SKILL LEVEL REPTILES
yes essentially haha
what's novice
?
hahah
crested geckos are the easiest
Yet he killed one
or leopard geckos
he has a leopard gecko still I think. I honestly like that one the best. The bearded dragon is like a moving stone. The Leopard is fun to play with haha
a moving stone hahaha
dude it is
hahaha
also shut uphaha
hitler runs all over the place.  i let her jump out onto the floor and she chasing my feet trying to eat my toes.
if she actually got to the point to where she ate one would you congratulate her or become angry
I honestly think that's a feat that would merit congratulations
GET IT.
hahaha
she has bitten me
A FEET
it hurts kind of
Im sorry
hahaha
but scares me more than anything
really?
why?
haha
ive cried just because i trust her and she bit me
hahaha
she scared me
omg lololol
THE BOND IS BROKEN
NOOOOOOOOOOOO0
shes my spirit animal
Mine is an ice dragon with eyes like two pools of iced water
I can't obtain that
sadly
i mean there are blue dragons haha
and bearded dragons with blue eyes
its just rare
agamids have all types of colored species
seriously???
with blue eyes?
haha
I don't know if that's awesome or kind of eeries
or both
they have some with snake eyes too
I'm not like scared of snakes..
but
I have this weird aggressive thing with them
i dunno why
hahaha
theyre unpredictable
Like I would fight one
yeah
they are
the first time I held one I was traumatized that it wasnt
SLIMY
SLIMEY
you were upset that it wasnt slimey? haha
yeah
I was like 6
so
yea
haha
thats funny
remember that petting zoo we went to?
in preschool?
"I just wanna kiss your lips, the ones between your hips" -our friend kaitlyn
AND YES
haha
JESUS CHRIST
GROSS
I KNOW
LIKE THAT IS FOUL
it is
say that
on there
i want to see her response hahaha
"why give a bitch an inch when she rather have 9" -kaitlyn jenkins, 2014
"our morning" *three empty cans of AMP energy drink* (which apparently they still sell)
omg
-.-
I just felt three brain cells unravel and  die
she is SICK
she is
she needs help
OMG MUH DADDY IS GETTIN MY TATTOO TATTOOED ON HIM I LOVE HIM SO MUCH
she need electro-convulsive therapy
thats the problem
HAHA
that happened
I watched it live via facebook
lolz
im like dead tired
no more typing for me pls
OKAY
*claps and runs through the forest at 36 mph taking down all of the foliage in my way, killing wolverine, like sabertooth*
jesus haha
ill ttyl yo
cya. Also respect the commitment to x-men related actions. BYE
will do bai
Greetings
hi there
What's up dog
cant talk right now, boss has been cracking down on personal stuff at work =[
DAMN ok
michael
hi
Hello
what is going on yooo
about to go talk to josh during lunch
ill try to come back with stories
Studying. And awesome hahaha
this is s arecon missionhahahaha
i cant type
Hahaha
I understand
wish me luck on this mission
hentaste out
Hahahaha dear elohim
accidently took an hour lunch instead of a half hour lunch -.-
but he doesnt shut up
he went on this tangent about why people are afraid of non-mammals.
it's okay though, because we have "time exception" record sheets where you can basically "correct" and of your "missed" punches haha
so whatcha studying?
or whatever youre doing lol
A paper on face blindness but I'm done now hahaha
Explain now
time to alalyze, i know you take great joy i this
to some it up, he named i think every stephen king novel
so he actuallu does read
he was telling me about them
i have no interest in stephen king
but i humored him
Hahaha
he was trying to tell me that i should start using tap water on my lizards because he doesnt think they can get cancer
and i didnt know
and hes like, youre the expert, how do you not know!
now i know lol
he also said he took a ride with a pedophile once
without knowing
and the next day someone told him about it
and he freaked out
haha
And then OMG funniest thing ever
this dude who applied for a job in his dept.
is fucking retarded
and he told me to tell NO ONE
but of course im telling you
but the dude filled out his application and his email had the word "welfare" in it
and he threw it away immediately
hahahaha
oh my
all of this
and I disagree about the water If you can afford to not use tap water
but oh dear jehova
yea he doesnt have thousands of dollars of animals so he doesnt understand
yeah I getcha
I have been there so
hahah
hes just like "imagine if a human being actually had to speak with an alien.  they are so unfamiliar to us, if they exist, that people would be revolted"
hahaha
which is true
To an extent yes
But I'd love to speak to an alien
just to ask
" will you stay out of my nightmares "
HAHAHAHA
the one thing josh IS rational about in a normal way, is the existence of aliens.  he wont believe anything until he sees it, but im 100% sure he believes they exist and doesnt want to admit it haha
everytime we talk in person we end up on aliens
tell him most physicists think they are real he'll change sides
he's that guy
WHATEVER SCIENTISTS SAY
hahah
ehh he would require EVERY STUDY EVER DONE to make up his mind
and then he still wouldnt
his argument:
"if theyre here, theyre obviously more powerful than us, why dont they just land in the middle of times square?"
hshshs
He would have to probably understand astrophysics. If I looked at one of those studies I wouldn't know where to start
and dear god
he played too many video games growing up
wait
nvm
he's 36
he did though
he loves games
not LOVES but likes them a lot
What's with him and "studies." You can't just sit and read most "studies." they require advanced knowledge of statistics and biology and things. I don't even understand the SIMPLE one's I'm assigned to read
hahaha
Like
yeah I kinda thought he was a
GAMER
he plays old school games sometimes, and skyrim
hahahahaha
hes an orc
obviously
I CALLED SKYRIM
Yep
hahaha!
he wont play online though
this is the kicker
you know how antisocial he is
but
he says that theres no point in MMO games because if you want to talk to people you can go outside and talk to people
and im like nigga, you have not the ability
HAHAHAHAHA
called him out
Totally contradicted himself
what did he say?
oh i didnt say that, because he'll argue for hours
and its exhausting
because i dont care
hahaha
He's just one of those people that will argue himself into a whole even if he's wrong
I CANT STAND THAT ASPECT OF HIM
I LITRALLY CAN NOT
like even I know when to back down and I'm pretty hard headed
he has literally told me that he will argue a point he doesnt necessarily agree with
just to argue
wow
I see
he's getting
PLEASURE
PLEASURE
PLEASURE
out of it
he does get PLEASURE out of "debating"
his debates are usually
"thats fucking bullshit"
hahaha
there's a guy in one of my classes that looks like he and eminem had a baby
which is basically him with an average hair cut
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
let me see!
FB frans wit him?
I don't know him
lolz
I see him as I walk in sometimes
get to know him
and study him
He's so weird looking
hahaha
make him rap about moms spaghetti
I wanna say he has black eyes
but that's absurd
jahaha
josh just wears fake ray bans all the time
i dont know why
he can afford real ones
they arent that expensiver
like glasses or sunglasses?
sunglasses
black ones
so you cant see his eyes.....
It's not sunny outside
thats discomforting
SCHIZOAFFECTIVE ASS HOLE
matt did that for like a year
like at the beach
before we knew he had something seriously wrong
hahaha
like
he didn't want people to "see his eyes"
i mean i wear sunglasses SOMETIMES when they arent required
but josh always has them handy
but not because you want to conceal your eyes for ambiguous reasons
i dont think he wants people to see where he's looking?
dude that is so weird
hahahahaha
I know it's not perverted
it sounds that way
but I think he just wants to "appear" *STEALTHY*
most likely
he was wearing a sweater vest
and a tie under it
and then a ridiculous leather jacket
with a shit ton of buttons on it
i saw a large star trek button
hahahaha
what an odd combination
haha
ALSO
this is worth noting
Stephen King is in my opinion the worst novelist of all time. Actually according to hundreds of online polls, national surveys, he is probably in the bottom 10 of anyone ever to monopolize on writing awful horror-ISH books
what is?
Like
HAHAHA
have you ever read a book by him
dear god
thats why ive never read his books
they seem boring
SO BAD
he was talking about re-reading one of them...... ---.---
and written with like language as colorful as the color grey
bad metaphor I know
but still
SO BORING
the movies are not bad kind of
well the few they have made
haha
he was half way shit talking the movies
he was telling me he saw Frozen
try not to die laughing
hahahah
ok
ok
he said he didnt go to the theater because they would have tazed him for being a pedophile
so he watched the whole thing on youtube
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
hahahaha
OMG
dying
i told you hahaha
Dude there's this book I want to get him, but at the same time I don't
what is it?
hahahaha
there's this physicist who's relatively well known in the media, who's all into UFOs and the theory of life after death (1st law of thermodynamics as a plea) consciousness and telepathic powers
I know josh hates all of those things
HAHA
It's called "the future of the mind"
It encapsulates a bunch of ideas about those things
like
maybe he would be a little more open minded if he read it
he would never admit it
obviously
he would most likely read it because it's something to read
and then say its bullshit
hahahahahaha
but we all know that hes an attention grabber and he probably prays to jehovah every night that his misery is ended
oh my god
hahahahaaha
what if he still does
hahaha
like
he's living a dual life
he told me he got 4 hours of sleep last night
thats misery
HE'S ON THE D L
JEHOVA STYLE
and yeah that sucks
the josh i knew when i first met him is NOT the real josh
im learning more
with your help
and he kind of said some weird things last night and today
hahaha
tell me
like....he's maybe hitting on me or something?
share
what did he say
I wanna know his brand of flirting
haha
well last night he asked if i had heard of t.rex, and i said no, and he was like "i can never tell with you 100%" and then i said ill check it out later, and he said "im enraged, going to bed".  and im like "why are you enraged?" and he said "because you didnt listen right away.  you know.  rawr, etc."
and then today he sent me a song that he claims reminded him of me in some way
the first one doesn't seem like hitting on you it's just him being a weirdo
second one
could be
on the other hand
it's open to interpretations
when josh is acting SILLY...I feel like thats flirting
probably
because he doesnt do silly often
you're right
and these two incidents were very close together
What about when he makes sexual advances on your friend michael
I mean me
HAHA
I'm honestly not ever going to let that go
...WHAT HAPPENED?
hahahaha
at that christmas shindig
he like got all up on me and talked really close to my face
like my legs were slightly spread
he did that to everyone though
HAHAHAHA
and he just casually walked between them
I know
it was weird either way
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
IM DYING
haha
you he and i need to go to dinner or something
that would be so much fun
because we could walk away and snicker and come back
somewhere where the government isn't watching and I wont see my ex
can I be a hypomanic schizophrenic
nvm
he knows me
I can enjoy this in other ways
we can snicker
what in the hell are you talking about?
hahaha'
I was gonna pretend to be like actually insane and not laughably
just to see what'd he do
then I remembered we aren't on an MTV prank show
and he knows me well enough
he would be like, dude, what are you doing
RIGHT
and then you could scream YOURE THE INSANE ONE
and storm off
haHAHA
what if I brought scissors and started cutting my food then cutting my hair and fingernails
YES DO THAT
PLEASE
hahahahaha
hes a clean freak so he'd probably puke
what if I then began to cut his puke
OMG LOLOLOLOOL
he wants to take me to this place with vegan burritos....i wanted tricky fish because of the jukebox though
or if it gets really awkward I can cut the air and say I'm "cutting the tension"
but hes like, you have to eat these burritos
I LOVE TRICKY FISH
He's such a little girl
I DO TOO
VEGAN BURRITOS
NO
go to tricky fish
no no haha he said if i still wanted tricky fish we could go there
but i mean, their vegan burrito sounds really good
oh he has this new joke style that hes used like twice now
i have to tell you hahaha
explain
let me see if stupid gmail erased the messages -.-
theyre gone, anyways he basically self narrated a joke exchange between he and i
and it goes something like this
josh says "hey hunter, do you like chuck norris jokes?"
and i supposedly say "oh hell yea"
and then he says "do you know why there are no bruce lee jokes?'
and i say "sonofubitch, i have no idea"
and the punchline is "because bruce lee is no fucking joke"
hahahahahahahaha
haha
but
wait
he narrated it
you didn't say anything right?
the whole thing
ok
that's what I thought
why
It would have been just as
you know
nvm
haha
it doesn't matter
he did the same EXACT thing minutes later with some sort of tofu food hahahahaha
HAHAHA
I like tofu
i love it
thats why im trying the tofu burrito
almost time for me to leave.  gonna go get chris, go to ulta and use some tax money to buy beauty products because ive been slacking hardcore
which reminds me, the one thing josh is 100% correct about, is my situation with my mom
he tells me to avoid her because she is chaos
and causes me pain
true
true
but at the same time I'm guessing he has no family really
he does
is he close with any of them?
he has a mom, a sister with a husband and a kid that he loves to death, and a BPD dad
he and his sister and his nephew are very close
then he wouldn't suggest you abandon your mom without ulterior motive. People with family don't tell you to leave family. I tell you to get away from your mom becase I'm not close with my family and it makes sense to me.
ok
keeping you
sorry
i have to go though, thanks for the insight homie
laterz
still unable to chat?
i can kinda talk
whats up bro
oh look at these new shirts w e made for the show
alright alright
https://www.booster.com/charlestonareareptileexpo
Oh awesome!
those are really professional looking
jamee designed them
im in love with them
Dude they're really suave, as suave as a shirt can be. The design is really 'neat' and it doesn't have that "hand drawn" look like a lot of t shirts people design
it's really good
I like the color scheme too
we had people vote on the style and colors
and that one won
i love it
haha
shared it
thank you :D
I'll try and get one soon. I KNOW matt will want one haha.
haha that would be awesome
right now im trying to get people to pay their table fees
its hard to do when i have to be "working"
lol
working while working
sigh
yep
my life
haha
HAHA. Someone commented on that picture of kaitlyns 'satanic bible' and said "YOU ARE TAMPERING WITH THINGS IN WHICH YOU LACK THE PROPER PROTECTION TO TAMPER WITH"
HAHAHHA
shes not tampering with anything
that shit will sit on a shelf so she can mention it to her friends on occasion
I honestly feel like that's a stock photo
She would need protection though
it very well could be
from elohim
and his sex dick
ewwwww
sex dick
hahaha
HAHAHAHA
dude so i dyed my hair again
What color did it turn out
and its all like deep burgundy in the sun, but inside its black and my roots are bright red
like gerard way's was hahaha
but way prettier
because my hair is luscious
lol
i spent 70 dollars on make up yesterday
because im tired of not looking like a girl
Damn that's a lot for make up (I think)
eh not really, i bought an eyebrow pencil that was 21 dollars haha
i went cheap on everything else
i just want good eyebrows
im jealous of jordins
don't we all girl
SHUT UP
hahahaha
haha
secret:
I actually pluck and groom my eyebrows in the most girly way possible
man scaping is not shameful
it should be required actuallyt
Yeah true
says the guy who hasn't shaved in 5 days because "my battery died"
hahahaha
Caught myself in a lie
oope
s
hahahaha
man shaving sucks
plucking with tweezers, easy peasy
righ right
im so tired man
why do offices do this
they drain your life force throughout the day
There's a couple of studies that say you should try and move around if you work in an office
something about them just does that
I believe you
i do man
i try to walk around
but i get so tired sometimes that i cant
Are the lights florescent
yes
those mess with your circadian rhythms
do they?
how?
http://www.wikihow.com/Stay-Awake-at-Work
jackpot
they don't show the same spectrum of light as does natural light. and Your circadian clock regulates your sleep-wake cycle, and that's how we knew when to sleep before clocks were invented basically. But a lot of incredibly bright light at the same constant all day throws off your biological clock and can cause sleeping/attention problems and fatigue
ALSO
I wanna see that link
haha
is it funny?
or serious?
brb
its informative lol
BRIGHTER IS NOT BETTER
chewing ice is fun anyway
hahaha
gross my teeth are sensitive
lol
mine are too
but I fight through it like a champ
Also
Offices because of their lights and sedentary nature can perpetuate seasonal affective disorder. I know they said that on the office, but it's actually true. START CHEWING ICE
i cant chew ice haha
maybe i need gu
gum
or a nap
okay
who the fuck does acupuncture
who can afford it
I looked into it once, because someone said I was tense. too $$$
rich fat people
HA
right
power naps are TORTURE
"my body hurts.  it cant be that i eat shit and dont excersise.  better go get impailed with a thousand tiny needles."
hahahahahhaahahahahahahahh
RIGHT
i want to know how jordin did my eyebrows
because i want to do that
The last people to tell me to get acupuncture were in new york and they also believed that people could move thing without touching them, I needed to do yoga, and that foods with gmos were slowly killing us
but she hasnt responded
really?
I don't remember how they looked
I assume they were cool
look in that one xmas party after photo
lol
OH K
they looked way cool
i can do all the other make up whatnots
but brows are new to me
hahaha
i practiced last night haha
the brows.
and yeah you're right
they look cool
it just fills out any gaps in the hair
and you can shape them
and it looks decently natural
now I'm creeping through your photos
rami is wet
its hard to look at just one photo of someone
you have to creep
there's one of you and roxanne using powers on me
and me suffering
yes i remember
she refuses to answer my texts
she's mean now
if she sees me shes all fucking friendly
well she's always been mean
she was all like "I'm so friendly and I love everyone" but deep down she was a heartless bitch
I always knew this about her
she would say things to me sometimes
that were just not okay
but like because she was so friendly people let it slip
yep exactly
shes very selfish
i want to find her at work, text her, watch her check her phone, and then be like I SEE YOUVE BEEN GETTING MY TEXTS, CUNT
HAHAHA
whisper it in her ear
hahahaha
no
i will TEXT IT TO HER
AND WATC H HER FACE
no
like
after you text her
whisper the cunt thing
hahaha
OH
TEXT her the second part too
SO CONFUSE
hahahaha
i know where she works
i very well could
is that fucking gary busey
hahahahaah
yes dude
i met him
i have his autograph ON MY PERSON at all times
in my wallet
he wrote
Oh shit
"follor your <3"
I think I knew that
but forgot until just now
i swear you did
hahaha
there's some 'great' pictures of me eating my phone
amongst other things
hahaha
lololol
i know those
i took those
I didn't even know those were posted anywhere
like I remember the time
I had big gauges
remember the tiiiime
remember the tiiiime
hahaha
STOP
hahaha
i love MJ man
cool it before you get beat
ya dweeb
cause IM BAD
HOLD THE FUCKING FUCK UP
IS BEAT IT ABOUT MASTURBATING
maybe not
but i mean, c'mon
"beat it"
no
I mean I thought before maybe
it was double entendre
but really
I think it's innocent
its a fight song
YEah
that's all it is
its basically about a dance off
DEAR GOD
there's that pinapple pizza that looks like kim-jong il
YES YES YES
may he rest in peace
along with the movie we watched while consuming him
chris wants to learn conversational manipulation
and imjust like
hahaha
i already do that
that's not a thing you can REALLY learn
you can either manipulate someone or you can't
What he's talking about is basically suggestions
I've heard of it
but also he's too nice of a guy to manipulate people. He has kind eyes.
He's the nicest person ever. Lunch time.
ENJOY
we've sold 5 shirts today
scorrrre
Holy damn
yep at 20 bucks a pop too haha
wow
hello
hi there
i has burrito
yum
NO
I've had one sandwich to eat today and an old yogurt
I very much dislike you now
what kind of burrito
BEAN
i have had no appetite recently
and this burrito came from aldi haha
a bag of 8 of them is like 2 dollars
that sounds heavenly hams
hahaha
normally on a day i eat something before work, like a banana or cheese sandwich, then at work i munch on unsalted peanuts with no lunch, and then when im home i eat a well portioned dinner
just because i have no appetite
chris says im losing weight
i dont think i am haha
wow
Those are scattered meals
I don't really need lunch as long as I get a nice dinner
I always need something small for breakfast though
Tell me if I'm a horrible person for this, I need your opinion
shoot
I don't like  bellas college major at all, (fashion merchandising, literally arranging things in retail stores) and I think it's nonsense to study it. Statistically people who earn her degree end up working at kmart or walmart, which you can do WITHOUT college, so If you're going I say make the most of it. She claims to love her psych class, so I've talked about it enough with her to where she wants to take another one next semester, and I'm going to make constant suggestions about how I think it's interesting SORT OF, but it isn't for me; act like I know less than I  do; ask her questions about the class, ect to try and get her to switch to psychology ultimately next year, which is actually a really cool and useful thing to study in college, and it's closely related to what I'm studying
is that manipulative? am I looking out for her interests or my own?
That's not manipulative, that's looking out for her best interest.  She's been brainwashed by modern pop culture that fashioin is "hip" and "rad".
And her mother who studied it, worked for kmart for 5 years, then went on disability. Which was like the first clue that it's not productive for me. Like there are a million things you can do without college, and that kind of study is one of them.
and thanks
I needed to validate what I was doing
haha
I just felt like it may be too far
but It isn't i guess
I'm running my own "boutique" style, high end retail business two years out of high school.  If she wants to do that kind of stuff she needs to save her money and drop out.
That's what I'm saying
You're doing more than fine in terms of economic growth in your business
like
In a few years it will be fully functional as a substantial income
Why pay money to do something like that when you can just...do it
If you're gonna pay money to have people say things to your face, have it be something you can't learn on your own
I guess
I dunno
God I want a burrito
dude I can't wait to come back
I'm coming over with supplies to make burritos
like hand picked by me
Burrito party at my place
This desire
is probably going to pass
hahahaaha
but I still will wanan chill
-snoop dogg
I can give you your Xmas gift hahaha
oh yah
haha
You're going to love it
I'm weird with gifts
I can't even accept a dollar bill from my grandmother without being a fucking weirdo
haha
I am too hahaha it's like what do I do now.
it's one of the six traits that I like to display
Hahaha
Well dude I need to start getting ready for bed
I'll ttyl yo
good night don't let the bed 9 legged spider with a "frank mask" for a face bite *claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
Oh god hahaha
Haha conforting#
hellllo
hi frand!
dear god I opened up this chat and saw the last thing I said to you yesterday evening
I hate myself
lol
ahahahaha
i was just like
that makes no sense
I think I was trying to say don't let the bed "something more horrifying than bugs" bite
hahahahaha
a weird colloquial made even weirder by yours truly
yes indeed
im in need of a washer
Like a new one or a replacement one
thankfully this weekend i can wash my stuff at dads while im house sitting
hahahaha
wait
and i need one period haha, ive been going to the laundromat for a year
That was my question
yeah
yes
i hate the laundromat more than surgery
that sucks dude
and what a weird comparison
but I very much understand it
hahahaha
I used to have to go. The'yre weird
I am not looking forward to using one next year, considering I don't have a car -.-
but hm
i need to buy a car too!
haha
basically
we got almost 2k back in taxes
LIFE IS SO EXPENSIVE
plus we got good paychecks
so while i HAVE money
im buying things i NEED
and paying debts.bills
then whatever i have left
will go towards the car
and ill continue to save until i have enough for what i want
sounds like a goodplan
does it? haha
i need validation
i should have about 1200 to put in savings to start saving on
then i also have whatever my current car is worth
we've discussed this an I have validated it haha
not this in depth though
now its deep
HURR
that's what my dog said
to weird?
hahahaha
almost
listen to Obstacle 1 by interpol
noa
oka
I feel like I know this song
all of interpol is good
ive been listening to just this album on repeat since josh told me to listen to NYC
lol
I hate the description of their style of music on wikipedia
it's described in the worst way
i havent read it haha
don't
let me read
it's painfully colorful and descriptive
hahaha
LITERALLY CHRIS AND I WERE JUST HAVING THIS SAME CONVERSATION
?
ABOUT SO MANY SUB GENRES BEING LABELLED ONTO STUFF
haha
I know
it's annoying
I'm going to call it
rock
I don't give an ass fuck
about what it really is
i like that theyre from NYC
because i love NYC
that's not unique to you. everyone does. except the people who have never been there and claim to love it, you want to punch
hahaha
yes exactly
like
ive been there 5-6 times
and it's like if disney were a city, but also very immoral
it's the happiest saddest place on earth
I've been there twice, but once was for 1 month so that's like a bunch combined
HAHAHA
if disney wee a city but very immoral
yes
exactly haha
i was talking to josh about wanting to go there
because he loves NYC too
and i said
its awesome but youd have to live ina  closet to live there
and he sent me a photo of his friend's apartment, that is LITERALLY a closet
I'd be okay with that
hahaah
you know whats sad and hilarious about that?
what
that was in 2004, and that was the room/city where he lost his virginity
he was fucking 26
hahahahhaahahahahahaha
dude
I'd live in Brooklyn if I had to. And that place is filled with hipsters, but lots of cool bars i guess
I WOULD LIVE IN A CLOSET
i couldnt live in a closet
I mean not literally
but i could sell lizards there, that can live in a closet
right now I live in 156 square feet. I could do 100.
HAHA
hahahaha
i have no idea my square footage
i think my house is large for 2 people
it is
once my business because highly profitable, and I can run the C.A.R.E. show pretty much without doing anything other than networking, where should i move?
Well
There a lot of cool places with a low cost of living
i need to go somewhere with a good market for what i sell
The cost of living HERE, is like 20% less as far as housing, 10% less utilities, less on food, and transportation
As much as despise the midwest some days
Columbus is actually the ideal city haha
ohio is overpopulated with geckos dicks and shows
i need to big a big fish
okok
in a small pond
like a project
lemme think
i dont know anyone in NYC that sells these animals
but i would have to be filthy rich to live there
if you wanna go to a larger city go to chicago. Cost of living is like 40% less than nyc
and lot's of suburbs
lol
chicago is THE CITY for rhacodactylus species
its good and bad
the demand there is HUGE
but so is the supply
Makes sense
It could work, I love my chiacgo friends.
Theyre all super nice
well, there are some dickfaces there too
There are more dickfaces here
haha
(in charleston)
i dunno
even just outside of chicago would be a good idea
there's a lot of people in that area
and I'm certain the demand isn't localized to one part of the area
thats where all the gecko people stay
just outside of the city
because it's super nice theree
haha
and it's not super expensive
I've only been there in terms of, being in the airport
also, ariel has to be almost a millionaire so if i were ever fucked, he'd help me out BIG time
he would give me room and board haha
HA
yeah
that's a plus
i told him about lee staying with me and how annoying it is
sTILLLL
and he said if we were in illinois, lee would have a place to stay
but yea
it could be nice
i could vend tinly park
I've always wanted an excuse to go there. Some people like it way more than new york. (don't see how or why) but I'd still like to go
hahaha
NY has a huge reptile expo
but it's just too expensive
but tinley park is THE gecko show
like, in the US
In order to "get by" in manhattan you have to make like at least 80,000 haha
and OH
I didn't know that
the only thing about chicago is the terrible cold and the crime
also
i will be making quite a bit of money if im successful haha
my busines splan is to invest invest invest
which i have
that's always a good plan
always
slowly add integral pieces to projects that ups their value tenfold
Tech stocks!
hahaha
and then
(jokes but not jokes)
i will UNDERCUT everyone's prices
wow you have a plan
and sell a shit ton more than others
okay that's fraud
hahahahaha
not really
because others are greedy
but it isn't cool
but it's smart
no im not going to undercut like ridiculously dummy
im going to undercut enough for people to say, hey, she has the cheapest ones
just enough to NOT RAISE ANY EYEBROWS EH
oh
wel lthat's not that bad
and it makes money
its not bad at all, reptile people are extortionists haha
when you have the parents, you get unlimited FREE BABIES
THEY COST YOU NOTHING
BUT YOU SELL THEM FOR SEVERAL HUNDRED/THOUSAND
thats extortion
i know the game too well to fail
im going to be the gecko game riff raff
oh goc
haha
"oh shes dumb and weird"  "HOLY SHIT THEIR BUSINESS BLEW UP"
well yeah
im KILLING. IT.
killing it. killing it *spongebob voice*
HAHAHAHA
I wanna say that I feel like you knew how to say that
haha
of course hahahaha
i love spongebob
i wonder how many times ive listened to this album
i just thought of something
i may be the hardest working community educator in the state hahaha
no one else does shit, they just complain about how bad the state is
and throw federal programs at kids
no one is helping the local community grow
and parents hate those so they don't benefit the kids haha
that's true
i want to stay here long enough to make sure ive changed what i can
I don't know if you have an enthusiastic-can-do attitude or a false sense of entitlement. Either way you're going to accomplish lot's of things, haha.
I hope it's not the first one. maybe there's a third option
you hope its not the first one?
haha
how would i feel entitled to anything?
Like a hero complex.
not like that kind of entitlment
ohhhh
like "i can change things because I am great"
is a successful persons INSANE attitude
haha
and it's awesome
i have kind of a white knight complex, but i didnt just have it from the start.  i developed it by watching the ignorance and repeated failures of others to make something out of our community.  now I feel like the hero because everyone else tried and failed because they werent smart about it, and put in no effort.  the others made a bad name for our state's community.  they made it nearly impossible to get out of state vendors for our first show.
why must I be a puppet master
OHHHHhh
ok
So by definition you kind of are
even though you're not
either way
you picked up the mentality
and it's helping
and you ahve a point
I guess you have kind of fixed the reptile community
as in
reinforced it's existence as a community
among other things
(here)
yes
like
its not that i WANT to be this public fixture
but its that i am, because of my work, and if i dont embrace it then my work will fall apart
and im proud of my work
i got footage of sasquatch dude
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=566142653471457&set=pb.513548178730905.-2207520000.1393696258.&type=3&theater
dude come on
the joke was that hes tall
haha
like so tall
I know
it was just
WEAK
IM SORRY JEEZ
haha
I jsut got off the phone with him
he wants me to "text him about the next reptile show"
matt doesn't text
hahaha
thats awesome!
:D
yo
hai
i went to moxxy
it was meh
how was it
right
it's got like weird sideways flat screens with images of insects
and the coffee is 'okay'
too hip
HAHAHAHA
thats so accurate!!!!
it was too hip to fully enjoy
just plain distracting in my opinion
chris is having a slight breakdown -.-
first he said he wanted josh to die or something
then "just disappear"
then this stuff
dude he's not okay
okay
listen
I just feel like if he died, my life would be so much better. 3:32 PM 
Less stress.  3:32 PM 
Maybe not DEAD  3:32 PM 
But just gone.  3:32 PM 
You know.  3:32 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
I know that I am causing some of this, kind of, but a lot of this stress is a result of you being a little unable to handle some types of situations. 3:33 PM 
And I know exactly how that is.  3:33 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
It's not a situation someone should have to handle. 3:33 PM 
And it's really not his fault. 3:34 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
I feel shitty about making you feel shitty 3:36 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
I dont think you do haha 3:36 PM 
But it's okay.  3:36 PM 
Life is just shitty sometimes and theres nothing you can do to prevent it.
remember how I acted when I was dating shannon?
That's how he's being
ok
wow
he's definitely being that way
It's prety uncanny
iyou mean isolating?
oh hes explaining the situation to me now, "without personalization"
hold on
ill show you his views
So much. and Being really emotionally  fragile and dfesensive and then guilty
hes really breaking this down haha, hold on
Chris Kingery:  
Theres a couple. The male understands that the female has a desire for social interaction. 3:39 PM 
The female goes out with her male co-worker for lunch.   3:39 PM 
The female has negative conversations about her signifigant other behind his back, and has the desire to have more than a friend relationship with the newly introduced male.  3:40 PM 
Once she's caught, she all of a sudden "has no feelings" for the new male.  3:40 PM 
Now.  3:40 PM 
This is where it gets complicated.  3:41 PM 
The old male, is of course going to be defensive.  3:41 PM 
While the female suggests that she has the best intentions, and that she wishes to respect the feelings of her partner.  3:41 PM 
Visiting with the new male contradicts that.
give me something to write back because im doing nothing wrong
He spies on you obviously
nothing he says is valid
Just in reading that
I know he obsessively goes through your messages
I know this because I used to do that stuff, and I know how it looks on paper
he thinks you're talking about him behind his back
when you're really talking about both of you as a whole
which is different
misinterpretation
He's so emotionally involved how he interprets what you say is not correct
it's whatever is going to make him upset
I'm trying to talk with him, he's monitoring these messages so, you know, feel free to say whatever.
If he monitors the messages he already knows everything I have to say. I'm not gonna fight battles/get involved because I'm not taking sides, especially in an argument without sides.
I respect that.
I'm writing my SECOND paper n how people act in the library and it's so boring I'd rather be doing literally anything else
You're survey responses really helped me haha.
I used those questions to look for things other than what the questions asked. It was KIND OF neat
What did you find in my responses??
I was looking for whether the library rules were inferred or socially constructed from a young age. They WHOLE consensus was they were reinforced from a young age and kind of drilled into everyone's heads. You received negative reinforcement "SHHH" for talking in the library, which surprisingly...no one else did
haha
I WAS SHUSHSED
Oh so, I figured out the rules on my own instead of people telling me how to act
based on logic
haha
yeah
haha
basically
you tricked me
you devil
hahahaha
I didn't decide to until I started seeing this consistency
I WAS LIKE
ILL USE THIS
EEEEEEEVILLL *mermaid man voice*
so am i special now?
hahaha
you were the only person in my survey who had a normal childhood. (actually got told to be quiet) Everyone else I think saw others getting shushed and got scared
hahahahaha
which is sad.
hahahaha
josh says your survey is bullshit
and that there cant be a binary way to think about that kind of stuff
hes such a child
-___-
tell him to come up with a survey that, you know, does it better
I mean for me
hahahahaha
this is a FIVE POINT assignment for an intro to anthropology class
soo
im not too concerned
haha
he'll just get angry and throw his crayons
hahaha!!
hahahahaha
how would josh behave in the library
does he wear a fedora
I feel like he does
....sometimes.
hahahahahaha
i dont want to call him a neckbeard
but he is kind of
dude he so is
haha
he still says things like "epic win"
fedora
*cringe*
oh god
hes 36
HAHAHA
he can't
haha
OMG LOOOOOL
that's on occasion though, if he was always going on with that bullshit i wouldnt be able to stand it
obviously haha
PLEASURE
I HATE THAT WORD
I know
oh god
I just
reflxively
typed
even to check out materials, for pleasure"
Its in my brain now
-.-
hahaha
like it doesnt have to be for pleasure
i think chris and i got it worked out
for now at least
i essentially told him that if YOU thought i was going to fuck chris over, you would tell me to cut contact with josh
which i believe to be true
It is. Ive told you that kind of thing before, so you expect it. I care about your and chriss relationship, because I like the both of you. That being said, Im not worried about you messing it up anyway.
I know I overstate this, but I totally get how chris is feeling
Ive conveyed similar things to you in like, the past six months
Its literally just talking through it until youre comfortable
He says he's never really going to be comfortable with it.
But I don't think that's true.
thats how he feels now
I think he just doesn't trust me fully because of my fuck up.
but it will get easier and easier
And what fuck up was that specifically?
haha
The time I told him that I had feelings for Josh and he broke up with me.
aka the time I was retarded
no
you didnt make a bad choice
It took me a year to get over bella telling me something like that
then I realized
In really, really comitted relationships, people develop crushses
That reafrirms how serious the relationship is.
Also, my therapist told me that.
haha
And nothing ever happens
damn
haha
I probably should have mentioned
THATS NOT THE LIKE SOLE REASON I WENT TO THERAPY
its not that bad
haha
again
keeping that from him probably would have been a mistake
I think telling him is kind of representative of your honesty, your guilt for feeling it, and your feeligns for chris
(guess)
I TRY TO TELL HIM THE SAME THING
i didnt cheat on him, i came to him with my feelings!
i could have just cheated and never told him
but i cant because i love him
exactly
which is good
so you have to wait this out
haha
I am waiting.
It's just that he needs to wait until he's comfortable again.
I mean....it's not like Josh is even interested
He's in love with his ex
sadly, weirdly, and convienetly, yes, yes he is
I saw in his stories"
haha
hahahahaha
i feel like his therapist almost sometimes, but like...a therapist that has to only observe and not speak out
because, then boom, crayons are broken everywhere
hahaha
I like that expression
you equate his emotional stability to a kindergarteners
its kind of weird
haha
i mean, it's true
after "babysitting" him, he is now a child to me
hes the kind of person that you HOPE doesnt say anything overy embarrassing in front of people while  youre with them
*overly haha
I get that vibe kind of
haha
Josh is the equivalent of card tricks at a party
So cool if you do it right
but so lame if you cant remember the tricks
so so lame
HAHAHAHA
a "commodity"
I guess so
but in a friendly kind of way
i wouldnt say "friendly"
i would say "mostly not rude"
hahahaha
hahahaha
like a new cat
I HOPE IT DOESNT SCRATCH GUESTS
hahahaha
chester the cat
the NEIGHBORS cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIKqgE4BwAY&feature=youtu.be
WATCH THIS
he just sent this to me
its so awesome
I will open it later
haha
what is it?
BABYMETAL
its a japanese or something heavy metal electronic band with girls as singers who sound like cute little kids
and its really good
and hilarious
hahahahaah
WHAT
listen haha
do you remember that time in strings
that mr jesse found emma's perverted notebook
HHAHA
and was just like "the images i found were disgusting"
hahahahaha
she used to gnaw on her cello
and meow like a cat
jhhahahahahahaha
our teachers didnt even know what to do
DUDE
FUCK YOU WITH A CAPITAL F
do you know where
I was
when I got these messages
In the middle of a grassy courtyard filled with people thats about 7 blocks long
I coudn't escape
I took back alleys
but I couldn't stop laughing
DEAR GOD
I do remember all of that
I also got suspended for bullying her
Then got her suspended for making sexual advances on me
then my mom got her suspended because she taught me what gay sex was
HAHAHAH
THE DAYS
i laughed so hard
you took t the alleys
shut up
there will still peopl
i kept trying to play off the laugh
I just looked at my phone
i dont even try
i just laugh until someone asks me to explain
"he said they were incredibly disturbing"
and then i do
and they dont laugh
hahahaha
why is that so funny
because he's so melodramatic
it just is
that's why
mr jesse is like a cartoon character
he always was
haha
HE IS
he is a gay nazi
thats
ok
sure
hahaha
i drank that coffee hours ago
and now im all jittery
i hate it
fuck
someone just sent me a giant thumbs up from mobile
HAHA
and I sipped on a coffee spread out over an hour
so I'm energized
and I also had a sandwich with it
so I'm not
JITTERS
ive got da jitters
i had a piece of cookie with it
and thats it
hahaha
There's no way to get rid of them
that's the down side
when I have coffee in a hurry
I get them BAD
it's so bad for anxiety too
haha
they suck
since ive started wearing make up
people are nicer to me
hahaha
there's a study
that's extremely sexist..
that says
it makes women appear more competent
haha
like coworkers will give you more respect
isn't that shitty?
haha
ive noticed since i started putting a lot of effort into it
martin is nicer
mike talks to me more
and josh is definitely nicer
hahaha
WOW
haha
now instead of being mean harassed i can just get sexually harassed
because i got tired of martin telling me he was going to punch me in the face
as a joke of course
but that gets obnoxious
dear god
yeah
I would imagine
theres one supe here
fucking Carter
he harasses every girl
he got me my job
because he told barrett t interview the cute new girl with blue hair
but hes so gross
he has 2 children with two different women who work here and he doesnt get visitation with either of them
hes a SUPER neckbeard
and he'll like touch my hair and stuff
OH GOD
ALERT
ALERt
that is what should happen when he comes near a woman
or a child
ALERT
he sneaks up on you
right?
ALERT.
PLEASURE.
hahahaha
my work phone was making radio static noises
elohim is coming for me
its time
Elohim wants celestial sex
god
why
celestial sex for all eternity
with joseph smith
"r ur eyes moist enuff" 
"no"
"blink 2 wet them"
*Wink Wink*
HAHAHAHA
thats like salad  fingers shit
who?!
my AWESOME god?! #420NO
Blaspheme!
MY GOD IS AN AWESOME GOD
HE GIVES ME ICEES SOMETIMES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
FOR FREE
so bored
time to vape at desk
*being discrete*
hahaha
we're trying to write a rap
about dropping 'bows on these hoes
dude
please get a snap chat
just to communicate with me
I do the most fantastic drawings that no one will get except you
hahaha
okay i will
ITS SO SAD
when i get home ill try to remember
ok
nice
i have low phone storage
anyway
who's trying to write a rap"?haha
martin and i
I like to say that name
mar-teen
ETHNIC
i call him marteen mc-quad
HAHA
hes funny but like
hard to work with on occasion
hm
don't you hate
when people post shit like
"so tired of FAKE ASS people in my life. :) turning a new leaf!"
I don't know what is is about that kind of phrasing
that just
EHHIGrh
yea that bothers me quite a bit
especially when they be hoes
and its like grrrrl
turning a new leaf dont mean ridin a new dick
#realtalk
next day, posts photo of pregnant self smoking and drinking while sucking dick
NEW LEAF YOU SAY
that's drastic
but that's how people of facebook behave
haha
hahahaha
dude watch this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COMWwwv_MTk&feature=youtu.be
ok
youll love it
OH MY GOD
WHAT IS THIS
just watch hahaha
i do know my chicken
well
we have a running joke between a few people at TM
is this foreign or something
because on occasion people will ask us if we said "chickenmaster"
HAHAHAHA
WHAT
explain
its happened at least twice that i know of
like, "high im ___ from ticketmaster"  "...chickenmaster?"
Why would anyone think that
or is it a joke??
its not a joke
people are DUMB
dear Elohim!
bless its pea pickin heart!
hahahaha
so these fucking peoeple only sing about food apparently
really?
hahaha
yes.
the name
in italian
means
CRAZY FOOD
also
"Initially, the lyrics in their songs were primarily concerned with food,[2]"
hahahaha
"hey guys, i want to make a band about food"
also I don't speak english that wlel
well okay
HERE A RECORD CONTRACT WITH WARNER BROTHERS
what
hahahaha
its novelty
thats what the 90s are about
speaking of the 80s
and novelty songs
lololz
99 red balloons is so fantastic
i dont recall that
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQYQTFudrqc
im about to leave and im coffee sweaty and have to take last break
hahahahaha
so send me that later or ill try to remember to listen
I'm sorry
ok
i just want to run around the call center
which i could do
but shouldnt
so sweaty hahaha
katilyn just posted a pictutre of her licking between her index and middle finger
think about that for a minute
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
she's with a buddy
they are both doing it
she also has a nasty tounge ring
that seems pretty far back
haha
thats so disgusting
she was so innocent and nice in middle school
now shes a GODDAMNED WHORE
so #teen so #fresh
much attention wow
i think it's so funny when you say that
because you say it often enough for me to remember
"she's a GODDAMNED WHORE"
hahahaha
i loved that word
hahahaa
goddamned
me to
i like to use non vile language
that is still vile sounding
it's so demeaning
like
it makes the word
even worse
exactly
i picked up my language skills from Sunny
especially for #Gods children
haha
HAHAHA
right
i cant even sit right now
have to stand up
too much energy
kick thy legs
i  do CONSTANTLY
said god
i think i have RLS
"and it was good"
because i cant stop moving my legs at night without kloonopin
I think that disease is fake
lemme explain why
hahah
okay
I think it's a disease invented by the all powerful pharmaceutical companies to bring in an extra billion selling sedatives to insomniacs
It's just made up for money
that woujld make sense
that's probably insane conspiracy
but I believe it to be true
haha
but it really does make my legs stop moving, even if my legs moving isnt an actual disease haha
it still keeps me up to some extent
hahaha
yeah
I know what you mean
I move a lot when I'm restless
I move my legs
i self soothe a lot
these hands
by chewing on things
I've tried to stop that
or moving my foot repeatedly
YEAH
ive done it my whole life
i remember sleeping over with my cousin
and i woke up and i was kicking her in the face
with jehova as my witness, that is violent as fuck
ok so RLS is a real thing, but its the moving of a leg to get rid of the feeling of your lreg being on fire, and is close to phantom limb syndrome
so I was wrong
haha
don't you hate that
"phantom limb"
phantom
i dont get the numbness
PLEASURE PHANTOM
i guess its just self soothing then
DANNY PHANTOM
DANNY PLEAUSRE
PLEASURE
and probably
yeah it just is like an urge
danny fentom TURNS INTO danny phantom
things like that are technically compulsions that relieve the anxiety of things like obsessions
ya dumbass
hahahaha
*fenton
no one cares
phantom is so much cooler
and you're right
I forgot
haha
also
ya dumbass
WHAT a lame fucking superpower
hahaha
he can become a ghost
his superpower is a super weakness.  he is forced to fight ghosts.
basically
like
YEAH
hahaha
i took this quiz and im jay gatzby
wat
#WINNING
http://www.buzzfeed.com/justincarissimo/which-leonardo-dicaprio-character-are-you
i took it
I think I'm a horrible person
youre the slave driver
I'm the character from "wolf of wall street"
isn't he an awful person
YES
haha
hahahaha
i loved that character
fuck
hahaha
he started out a good guy
I haven't seen that
got sucked into evil
and then found a way out
ITS SUCH A GOOD FUCKING MOVIE
OMG
I need to see it then
WATCH IT ASAP
My instinct was it wasn't good because bella likes it so much. (her most recent movie craving is "need for speed" which may be the worst idea for a movie ever crafted)
Her taste in movies, is not like mine haha
she just loves aaron paul, im sure
Even people who love him won't see it
It's a movie
based
i wont either hahaha
on the 2nd or 3rd best racing game I had as a child
like
COME ON
hahaha
they just wanted to make money on jesse pinkman asap
and that movie was in the works
and im sure there were lines that read "yea bitch!"
i bet
hahaha
he had to have had better offers
dudes like fast cars
even if its a dumb movie
i mean
cmon
fast and furious
he looks ridiculous with a beard
that's all I'm saying
they ran that shit LITERALLY into the grave
that's true
bruce springsteen covered royals
hahaha
I remember seeing trailers for the first one...in the KC mall in the first FYE i ever went into
haha
and what
he did
i havent heard it
looking it up
hey im gonna start logging out of my BS work stuff and get ready for the weekend
ill ttyl homie homes
later
I just said something I would say to you to bella, and it got very weird, haha
HAHAHA
what?
I said jered leto looked like the mormon jesus
and then
HAHAHA
She said "lol okay"
and then I said google image it, it's uncanny. and then she said "okay."
then i said "I think you hate jesus and don't want jared leto to look like him because he's cute. TELL ME I'M WRONG"
she said
"you are"
but I really don't think I am
I forget I can't psychoanalyze her
it seems like maybe she really has no alterior motive on the subject
hahahaha
She is really prejudiced about religion or I wouldn't have said it.
She is one of those fake liberals who is secretly racist and closed minded in a way
So yeah
you're right though
It's probably nothing
but I enjoy coming up with reasons SO MUCH
hahaha secretly racist
she is. She's like "gay people should et married and pot should be legal" but then

"most black people are awful except the ones who go to college, hip hop culture is disgusting."
it like contradicts everything
haha
oh dont you love that
it means she hasnt accepted herself
RIGHT
shes trying to please others
EXACTLY
she has no idea about the real world, it's just about how people perceive her views
That'll change hopefully with age
We just analyzed her anyway
we did
and youre welcome haha
im whitening my teef
because i quit smoking
awesome dude
I use this supplemental paste that's made from baking soda on my toothpaste
because I drink too much coffee
hahahah
when'd you quit?
i was thinking about using baking soda
i got my new vape set up and its awesome
I'd use this thing you add to your toothpaste made by arm and hammer, it's not too expenseive I don't think. and Awesome haha. I like vapes sorta
they taste grapey to me no matter what
...whaaaat?
Vapes
ohhhh
every flavor chris has let me taste
okay
yeah
bad phrasing
haha
my grandma called whilst I typed
whilst
a  good word
as well as betwixt
HAHA
one of my favorite words
it just means between
I like that one
why dont people say it more often?
I've said it in front of you. You mentioned to me that you liked it before I think
poshibly
i hate living with lee dude
he sleeps upstairs now
HAHA
dude I'm sorry
but hes so disrespectful
he talks back to me
and says stuff under his breath
and i want to hit him
dude that's the WORST
he's an ingrate
he is
but he pays me 10 dollars a day to stay here
so i dont mind that
haha
OH
ok
nice
haha
dude so
martin is an asshole
he found out i was having  lunch with josh tomorrow
oh martn?
and he went over into josh's department
and he was like "i hear you and hunter have a date"
oh boy
and josh was like "GET THAT BULLSHIT THE FUCK OUT OF HERE"
and he kicked him out of his department
why did he do that?
I don't understand the perverse pleasure in that kind of stuff
because his belief is that chris will get angry if people start saying stuff like that, and chris will try to get him fired, which makes no sense, which leaves me to believe the REAL issue is that if chris is pissed, he wont get to talk to me, and he needs me to listen to his bullshit
how is THAT for analyzing? hahaha
what does chris have to do with this?
and no
paranoia is the human version of prey smelling the predators
it's a good thing to overanalyze
I think
martin told me that the reason it was BS for him to come into his dept. making those accusations is because i have a BF that works with me
oh that's not a real reason
that's just having a shit life and enjoying drama
so you analyze it for me
i heard both martin's and his sides
so tell me
is martin friends with chris
eh sorta sorta, chris kind of hates martin but they're friendly
then he had no reason to do that other than the fact that he is either dramatic/annoying a bad friend. or OPTION B: he is projecting his own ideals onto you in an immature way. He believes you shouldn't be around Josh, but instead of just telling you his opinion, he's acting like a child.
wait wait
i dont care about what martin thinks or says
but josh told me this
im trying to analyze why it was such a huge deal that martin made a joke to him about us going on a date
oh
see
I was multi tasking
my bad
haha
ok
well
1) It's what you think. Josh is defensive because in some deep internal way, he sees it as a date. The idea of someone calling it that is truly upsetting to him. He's trying to suppress his 'id' impulse to be with you which is causing neurotic anxiety because it contradicts with his superego. He can't handle his feelings.  
2) He respects you enough to where he doesn't want a rumor started because he doesn't want to ruin your relationship. However, he has a low emotional intelligence and doesn't know how to properly respond to that kind of offensive, so he reacts like a child. In a childish way he was defending you.
huh well
thats very well thought out haha
that's my guess
and i honestly thought he'd be pissed at me because martin knew, but he wasnt, at all
He could really be trying to be nice
he was super angry at martin
yeah that's odd!!
hm
that's a whole 'nother thing
explain?
haha
like why would he be upset about the exchange with martin but not the fact that he actually knew? Was he just too caught up in the moment to process that? Or was he flattered?
i mean the dude is easily upset by people, but martin is his friend
i just want to know whats going on haha
because he obviously cant convey that to me
Yeah what you described is weird
haha
like
why did he respond like that
and ignore the fact that you told martin
he's weird about that stuff
well i didnt directly tell martin
martin dstares at my FB while im at work
and he saw that way
hahaha
OH
ok
Also
I must interject
with this
It's from my notes and I think you should see it
yes
go
like
I've never been so upset
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
why is that even
just why
I have to know that
the best part
it has nothing to do with nothing
there are also real photos
it's like
THE FEMALE RAT ARCHES ITS HIND QUARTERS PREPARING FOR INTROMISSION
dear FUCKING GOD
WHATY
anyway
back to the real conversation
haha
our leopard geckos do that haha
brb
ok
back
had to go on a weed run
lol
hahaha
nice
its my depression meds man
had a heart to heart with chris about jos
josh
what depression meds?
and you did?!
Oh
I get it
hahahaa
and tell me about this talk i guess
lol
he made some good points about josh trying to work his way in
but i maintain that that cant happen unless i make the bad choice there
which im not going to do
because im nor retarded or heartless
I think you should keep you're eyes open
it's a posibility
however
It's not like you need supervision
You're a smart adult
lol
you don't need to be told that people are sneaky
I THINK you get thart
thart
chris says that josh is always whining about his ex so that i can tell him to get over her and stop being miserable, which maybe is him baiting for me to be like "get over her and move on to me" or something
which makes sense
but Josh could also still be in love with his ex in an unhealthy way and using you as a distraction
which is my take
both make sense
but he talks TOO much about her I think, for that "strategy"
which is a valid strategy
haha
yea i agree
i think he's very much still in love with her
it's also a douchebags strategy, and he has some flaws but he isn't a douchebag.
yeah I agree with you
chris says hes a douchebag that is the human form of the evolution of hot topic
hahahahaha
No he's just a neckbeard
He was a hottopic kid in like 2000
that evolved into an adult nerd
remember big biker jason who worked at hot topic in the olden days?
YES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
okay well
josh has a photo of them both at dresden dolls
in a bar
they worked together
at hot topic
holy fuck
hahahaha
what
are you serious
those were the days
before all of the tiny emo girls worked there
but
I can't believe that!
we probably saw him there
if you think back
probably so
but I don't know if I'm thinking of eminem with long hair, that kid from my class, or josh
I almost think I have some how though
HAHAHAHahahaa
eminem with long hair
dying
why did I think that
because it's hilarious
.
....--~*'.'\
. (-~~--_.,/'
..-^" : : : : :-"/'
-^" : : : : : : : '\,-"
*'^^~----~^'" : : : : : : : : : :"
.:.:.:.:.-^" : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :-"
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: : : : : : : : : : -^
.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : : : : : : : -^
:.' : : '\ : : : : : : : ;-~"
:.:.:: :"-""*/*''
:.': : : : :"- : : :"\
.:.:.: : : : :" : : : : \,
:.: : : : : : : : : : : : '
: : : : : : :, : : : : : :/
"_::::_*__~"
josh sent me that
and it is grotesque
and unwanted
HAHAHAHA there is a : / face inside of it
also
he sent it to me
and then this is after that, read this...
that looks like a fucking inkblot test
It could be like three things
most of which are bad
THIS IS HIS EXCUSE
LOOK
ok
ok
"me:  jesus why so detailed
just why
 lordmacbayne:  did it come through clearly?
 me:  much too clearly
haha
 lordmacbayne:  Haha
Wow
 me:  WHY
 lordmacbayne:  I thought it would just be dots
Sorry.
 me:  hahahaha what the fuck ever
you penis sending son of a bitch
 lordmacbayne:  No seriously
I didn't think it would look like anything
God, I'm glad I didn't send that to my mom."
he knew
that's weird
super wierd
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
THATS WHAT I SAID
I CALLED HIM ON IT
he meant to do that
that was a freak version of an advance
THATS SO WEIRD
SO WEIRD
or it was harmless
i dont know but
not cool
yeah hahahaa
look at this BS
he may has well have sent a disguised link to "lemonparty"
LOOK AT IT
HOLY GOD
remember when FB used to censor you
lordmacbayne:  i thought it was just going to look like
....................................................---------------------------------s.--------.-.
 Sent at 10:40 PM on Sunday
 me:  you kids and your internets
 lordmacbayne:  wtf
i just sent it to amber
thinking huh huh penis
and she got the fucking random dots
it's a penis it's no way dots
hahaha
HE MADE UP THOSE DOTS SO OBVIOUSLY
and then tried to CONTINUE to protest it because i called him on it
even after i let up
hahahaha
like
i dont even kn
ow
OH SHIT
dude
that thing about finger length and sexual orientation is basically true
WHAT IS GOING ON
WHAT
HAHAHAHA
how can you be so sure?!?!?
there's some truth
whats that from?
neuroscience lecture
I'm going to cross check it with my book
because if so
MIDDLE SCHOOL TRICKS DIDNT LIE TO US
hahahaha
this is awesome
DO THE TEST ON JOSH
i already told him about it
and he wont do it
i know he wont
hahahaha
DAMN IT
I enjoy this
hahahaha
what specifically?
lol
the fact that this is a thing, and also what you think his reactions will be
he has a good counter argument
because you're probably right
haha
what is it?
"lordmacbayne:  the reality is that there are gay people who are gay because its what they want.
and there are people who were born that way
and there are other people who are in the grey area between them."
I mean the correlation is more between levels of androgen (more masculine hormone) not necessarily gay or straight.
he's right though
some people I suppose "choose"
there are really ODD, subtle differences in genes and stuff
some of the early tests on brain structure were done under the assumption that all gay people have AIDS, soooo...those aren't really valid hahahaha
i thought of it like in leopard gecko genetics
there is a gene called eclipse
it is recessive
if you combine to eclipse, you get animals with solid eyes.  but if the animal may be het eclipse, you cant see that because the eye are normal (recessive).  BUT there are tells.  lack of pattern on nose, and lack of pattern on limbs.
So that's how I thought it could work for the genetically predisposed to being gay
that's a REALLY good analogy
hahaha
im way into genetics
haha
yeah obviously
haha
its what i make money off of
Yeah, I guess so haha
the homosexuals have solid eyes
Hhahahahaha
im sorry thats so funny to me
im drunk
HAHAHA
I need alcohol
I. NEED. IT
im drinking a BUZZ BALL
BROUGHT TO YOU BY BUZZBALLZ TM
in one of many flavors such as LOTTA COLADA
COLLECT THEM ALL
I want to call someone a "mondo dweeboid", but I can't think of a correct context to do it in.
LOOK AT THIS
did you watch drake and josh?
because look at this
"lordmacbayne:  another friend did not see the penis.
im starting to think you're making shit up.
 me:  YOU CALLIN ME A LIAR
josh says: I AINT CALLIN YOU A TRUTHER
HAHAHAHAHAHA
omg
you would not get how perfect that joke is
its flawless
 "
I don't follow
haha
god dammit
they say that
in the show
and in this scenario
josh says josh's line
so it's funny
what's your phone number? I lost it out of my phone when I replaced the SD card haha. I just realized I forgot to get it from you haha
WHAT SHOW
DRAKE AND JOSH
3043569048
OH MY
OH
HAHAHA
I don't remember that
they redid it recently
let me show you
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEAoHVwl-6w
i need to watch casper the friendly ghost
oh my god
HAHAHAHHA
That's fantastic
SO WASNT THAT THE BEST JOKE EVER
YES
YES IT WAS
i told him he seriously needs to watch that clip so he can understand how funny i just was
it is so sunny
funny
dude
I miss drake and josh
haha
me too
jos said hes watching and not laughing
and im like
damn him
you wouldnt understand
SERIOUSLY
IM FUNNY
EVERYONE NEEDS TO UNDERSTAND THIS
IM FUNNY DAMNIT
also I got you a cool gift to reciprocate the christmas gift you got me
and you will get it over breaj
k
I SWEAR IM SO FUNNY ILL MAKE YOU FUCKING LAUGH IT IF KILLS YOU GOD DAMMIT IM FUNNY
hahahaha
is that eminem
*laughter explosion*
HAHAHAHAHA
everyone is looking at me
i laughed so hartd
hard
hahaha
hahahaha
i know this sounds weird
but i identify with eminem so much
hahahaha
you're weird
CHUT UP
MAN THIS IS SOME GOOD SHIT
hahahaha
Put up
WHAT IS
WHAT IS SO GOOD THAT YOU ARE BEHAVING LIKE THIS
that was a donny darko reference haha
im slightly drunk
and F4DeD
YO
So vague, I would have never gotten it
haha
dude
IT'S A FUCKIN' CIGAREETE
I KNOW MAN
hahahaha
i love that movie
it make sme laugh
ME TOO
it makes me cry
so much
ok
so the first time you saw it
well let me tell you what bugged me
I was so upset that frank was a person, and not some weird, anomaly in time and space.
I Wanted him to be a creature
I became less scared
he was a creature
in a way
but not the way I wanted
i understand
He was too symbolic
you wanted creepy
not wuirky
yeah
I did
quirky
right
i still enjoy it so much though
but still
i just had a karate match with chris
hi ya
"Dwight if you want me to remove the belt you're gonna need to stop thrusting" 
I WILL NOW PERFORM MY FINAL KATA FORM
Who won
i just put a foam cylinder rod into my mouth, folded sideways, and pretended to be a walrus
HAHAHAHA
noises and all
nan
OMG YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS GUY
nan
SO MUCH OC
HES LIKE RETARDED
What guy
What
AND HE HAS HIS OWN YOUTUBE CHANNEL
Hahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OP5IRMjfSs
WATCH. NOW.
I don't really find this too funny...
Sorry haha
First time for everything
I'm laughing uncontrollably at Mr Jesse ' s response to Emma Mannings special notebook
How did it happen again
Hahahaha
Like what did he say
she was acting out
YAY
and he mentioned that he found a notebook that belonged to her and ian
that had disturbing sexual things in it
and that if they didnt behave
he would go to blackwell
and then he just stood there dusgusted for a second
and then continued class
You quoted him in such a funny way
WHAT DID YOU SAY
And Ian who?
weaver
who is now gay
WHAT haha
he and mitchell had something
or another
i saw messages on lees phone
Oh my god
"The images I saw were truly disturbing"
Was that it
something like that
it made everyone go like
OH SHIT
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
that class prepared me for the real world
Here's what you said
and was just like "the images i found were disgusting"
hahahahaha
she used to gnaw on her cello
and meow like a cat
There's a new search features
I just found
I AM SO WEIRD AND OBSESSIVE
hahahaaha
and I so agree...
haha
hahahahaha
my own words
COMING BACK TO MEEEE
Hahahaha
Om dying
The images I found were disgusting
i have to pee
brb
It sounds like the fbi interrogating a pedophile
Hahaha ok
hahaha
he treated her like a sexual predator
which she could have been
she was scary
She was dude
i had to stay at her house for a few days once
and she kept a dead squirrel ina  box
She taught me and joey haddad about gay sex when we were 11
and i told her it was nasty and to throw it away
HAHAHAHAHA
so she snuck out at night and threw it into the kanawha river
Hahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahah
and her mom was so pissed because she snuck out onto the river
Hahahahahahaha
hahahahaa
Wanna know a fun fact about hwr
yes
haha
My mom was friends with Brendan Mullins mom for a bit,  who's Emma mom's sister or something. I CONSTANTLY  HARD about how her mom wouldn't accept that Emma was black or at least part black, and just continuously called her an islander
HEARD*
She dressed as a cat into High schopl
OH SHIT
SHE WORKS AT THE KC RITE AID
she was really black??!?
I've talked to her twoce
WHAT
HAHAHAHA
YES
SHE SAID
"Remember  I WAS THE WEIRD GIRL THAT WAS SO CRAZY I STILL AM. YOUR TOTAL IS 5.85"
I WAS LIKE NO YOU'RE NOT CRAZY....
You're finee...
Same thing in two visits in one week
hahahahahaha
But yeah she was obviously at least half black
hahahaha
christ
I know rihht
why is that so funny
Hahaja
OH SHIT
anyways
look at this
josh snuck in a second stop on our hang out tomorrow
My grandma told me about it and she had the same interaction with emma
Ok
he suggested coffee
"me:  so meet at taylor's at noon?
 lordmacbayne:  or at where we are actually eating/
whatever.
 Sent at 11:41 PM on Sunday
 me:  i feel like there's time to do both, unless you'd rather get coffee solo
 lordmacbayne:  coffee comes after food.
 me:  oh, not morning wake up coffee
after food coffee
okay then
that works
 
"
He's scheming
hahahahaha
I'm gonna go to sleep
it's fun to analyze with you
IT IS
Although
GOODNIGHT OR WHAT EVER
ALRIGHT YO
GOODNIGHT MANG
TTYL HOMIE
hello
hey there
so the roads here are hell haha
I heard
haha
i had to take chris to work, theres no salt left for the interstates so theyre frozen over
i was doing 20 on the interstate
then i met josh for lunch, and he had to leave quickly because he was supposed to go in earlier but said he had lunch with me
hes the person that ALWAYS has to be at work
also he has no table manners
haha
what do you ean no table manners
haha
like
when he took me to the indian place, it was just a bunch of slop on a plate, so it was kind of okay that he was just shoveling it in hahahaha
but this place was burritos
FANCY burritos
we both got the vegan burrito
but he like
got guac for his chips
and ate it all
and then ran his finger inside of it
and licked it off
*shudders*
ew
I hate bad table manners
why lick
why
no lick
that was the one thing
no
no
and then he said
OH
"i love this quacomole as much as i hate life"
and im just like
wow thats a lot
hahahaha
now that i run it through my head it's even funnier
hahahahaha
It's like
you have to think about it for a minute
it's kind of one of those
"laughing at your own misery" kind of jokes
hahah
we only ate for like half an hour
so there wasnt enough interaction to have any good stories
DAMN
he was like "normally id hang out for longer but they need me in the office"
and im like, whatevs bro
and he kept being like
"you should come back here with your boy, im sure he'd like something here"
he calls chris "your boy"
that's not very characteristic honestly
what do you mean?
he doesn't seem like he'd say that
thats because his actions and words are a jumbled attempt at him projecting a personality that he has made up
so its inconsistent
hahahahaha Right
I imagine it as...
"IT'S YA BOY EMINEM LICKIN' GUAC OF MY GLOCK"
but that's because he's eminem to me
HAHAHAHAHAHA
he hates eminem
I DONT CARE
HE HATES HIMSELF THEN
i just sent him a request
hahaha
dammit
youre doing things that make it look like im analyzing him with you
THAT WAS SO FAST
HE JUST ACCEPTED IT
i just HAPPEN to come home after we hang out, and you send him a friend request
IS HE COMPUTER
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
you're OVER analyzing
his religion
is
he just said to me
'radical atheism'
terranova friend request
hahahaha
HAHAHAA
DONT TURN THIS ON ME
"radical atheism" hahahaha
like
dear god
man
it's not that big of a deal
RADICAL
it's like saying 'moderate christian'
NO SUCH THING
all are radical
I feel like if given the chance
he would systematically deconstruct the church
then where would I find amusement
oh he would do
WHERE WOULD THE ELOHIM VIDEOS BE
he has like every religious verse ever written memorized
so that he can shut people down
why
just so he can prove them wrong
THAT GUY
ahaha
'IVE READ IT SO I UNDERSTAND HOW WRONG IT IS'
I was once like that
then I realized that you can't change peoples idelogies
he almost got into a fight in steve and barrys
over bible verses
you can only force them out with government action
HAHAHA
you told me about that
so i guess today's lunch was totally normal
he didnt hit on me
he was pleasant
that's good then
although the snow interrupted his plan to spend essentially 3 hours with me
Josh Beane
April 27, 2010
is about to get a new tattoo.
hahahaha
he has 2 tattoos
Josh Beane
March 16, 2010
Any of you fucking pricks move, and I'll execute every motherfucking last one of you!!!
HAHAHAHA
probably a line from a movie
or something dumb
Josh Beane
October 17, 2008
is taken aback.
is that a word
i think so
haha
"no one says that"
hahahahaahahahahahahaha
you can see his whole life on FB
hahahahaha
the way you used to mockingly say that
was too much
like your 'making fun of blonde girls' voice
it was so funny
haha
hahahaha
hold on
look at this
hahaha
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150765734828399&set=t.596733398&type=3&theater
OMG HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=5340383398&set=t.596733398&type=3&theater\
THISIS GOLD
oh jehova
I have to go for a while
BYE *runs hastily, as if somethings up*
hahahaha
This just in: nothing was up
lolol
i say "this just in"
frequently
Dude
I say
"this just in:"
and then type something mundane
it's kind of my thing
SERIOUSLY
WHY DO YOU COPPY ME
COPPY lol
hahahaha
we say the same things
we do
the six things that we like to say
hhahahaha
jordin lacy just posted
"self love is so vital"
BAHAHAHAHA
i just liked it
you weirdo
stop that
weird
o
haha
I don't know what it means
i dont either
thats why its funny
i HATE...
when people post things that they THINK are philosophical that THEY concocted feeling SO PROUD
LOOK AT THESE SIMPLE WORDS I STRUNG TOGETHER SO LOOSELY THAT YOU CAN APPLY THEM TO ALMOST EVERY SITUATION MAKING THEM SEEM "DEEP" WHEN REALLY THEY ARE JUST GENERAL
AND PEOPLE RESPOND BY HAVING CONVERSATIONS LIKE OURS
hahahaha
the thing
that happen
happen.
what
i just learned that this guy who works with us and sits in the "center console" of the call center, covered in gangsta tattoos, white as rice, is a christian rapper and calls himself Evolution
im dying
josh has dirt on everyone i work with
hahahahahahaahahahahaaha
EVOULTION
dude
I'm rewatching the last episodes of breaking bad
and I keep thinking
I loved walt, until I realized he was stupid enough to get caught
like his genius was not enough for me
so I started rooting for the DEA
haha
i loved walt until he fucked up jesse's life
jesse was my man
RIGHT
haha
i identified with the struggle
because the struggle is real, yo
I couldn't deal with him fucking with hank
hank was a decent ass guy
and he played mind games with him
like that confession tape
it was sick
haha
i loved that show like i would love a dog
and i cried as if my dog had died
at the end
hahahahaha
shut up about dogs
hahaha
I feel those feeling
those feeelzzzz
Im still stuck on the dog metaphor
Why
hahahah
i wanna watch donnie darko
hahaha
I've watched it recently
I made bella watch it for the first time
I'm at the episode where he's in the dessert with jesse like lying to his face. WALT IS SUCH A FUCK BOIIIIIIIIII
fuck him
I'm getting way to into this show
hahaa
ITS HAPPENING AGAIN
HAHAHAHA
i tried to start watching the whole thing again
but then chris didnt want to
=/
:/
does just like tv shows
obviously that's a typo
he doesnt really get into anything...
he just does nothing
he like shis video game that hes making
and vaping
and building vape coils
and watchinghow to videos on some stuff
I was talking about josh
hahahaha
I Know chris likes vapes
oh i read your typo wrongly lolol
but
just--josh
josh like ssome tv i guess
he claims to hate it but we all know no one actually hates tv
So you just don't know what exactly
haha
walking dead, baseball, um....maybe colbert sometimes
AHS
REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER
hahahahahaha
hahahahahaha
fucking bill maher
not discounting the show
hey
hey
I love bill maher
I just don't advertise it
for OBVIOUS reasons
haha
all his tumblr...
is BILL MAHER
this is my office
it's RIDICULOUS
"lordmacbayne:  adam heard Steven Morris tell someone that red headed people were not 100% human."
hahahahahahahahahaha
WHAaaAAAAaaAAAT
yes
that's so weird that he would even share that
or that
it was said
hahahahahaha
dude
i overhear stuff at work
where i just drop everything and laugh
oh, you can actually hear josh over the ENTIRE call center when he laughs
and then you hear everyone talk about "who the fuck was that?"
its a cackle
i just message him like, youre loud
hahaha
hahahaha
its so cool to have an interconnected IMing thing between people in the center
What do you mean
now
yo can message people
its like The Office
but real life
people do stupid shit
theres a few dwights
HAHAHA
are there any meridiths
DUDE SOME GUY MAKES CHAIN MAIL AT HIS DESK
what the fuck
YYES I HAVE A MEREDITH IN MY DEPSARTMENT
HER NAME IS KATHY
HAHAHA YES
chris just goes "kathy is meredith"
hahahaha
we had darrell
hahahaaha
his name was actually darrell
darrell is my favorite office character. He is like really subtly funny, like every one and a while, and his swagger puts into perspective how fucking weird everyone in the office is
hahaha
his name was "ACTUALLY DARRELL"
THATS A WEIRD NAME
hahahaha
thats so true
i think chris is jim
and i think im pam
hahaha
HAHAHA
we have at least one of each
chris reminds me of like...kind of pete and clark and jim combined
josh is todd packer
not really
I just thought that would be funny to say
hahaha
chris cant place todd packer
describe him gfor him
please
JOSH IS MEREDITH'S KID IN THE LATER SEASONS
HES JUST A PEST
hahahaha
Todd packer: Misogynistic, hates fat people, likes to call jim gay, loves fucking women, poisoned everyone in the office, has a license plate that sells "well hung"
fucked meridith
and the josh one is so spot on
that guy turned out to be a stripper
hahaha
Meredith showed him how "it" was done. he wasn't very good.
I hate when people say
"let me show you how it's done"
It's like you and pleasure
hahahaha
i forgot he was the stripper
chris suggested we watch the office now
so im going to get down on that
you should also watch the office
it's so pleasurable.
actually I take it all back
Josh is dwight
he is VERY principled and knows stupid shit
think about it
.
I will watch the office
okay i thought thre guy who made the chain mail was dwight
but you are actually 100% right
he has no grasp on social anything
like, licking your fingers in a restaurant
not about like behavior, but personality, he's so dwight
you dont do that
YEAH
unless youre from a farm or something hahaha
he was taalking about sharks being apex pradtors
that's something dwight would talk about
WHICH BEAR IS BEST
BEARS BEETS BATTLESTAR GALACTICA
time for the office
brb gtg bye
it is
Kaitlyn Jenkins
Might get "bulletproof" tattooed behind my ear tomorrow c:
Like    Share  16 hours ago near Charleston, WV 
yesssss
hahahaha
I might get "thursday" gauged into the soft flesh on my paml
lm
who am I kidding
I was listening to thursday this morning
OH MY GOD
SHE JUST SHARED "YOU'RE NOT FUCKING HANDICAPPED, YOU'RE FAT. YOU SHOULD HAVE A PARKING SPOT 3 MILES AWAY AND BE REQUIRED TO DO JUMPING JACKS ALL THE WAY TO THE STORE." FUCKING NO BITCH
i had to do the unfriend. I don't have it in me. I'm weak
HAHAHAHAHAHA
JUST POST
YOURE FAT
AND THEN UNFRIEND HER
Again, I kind of believe in karmic justice. One day she'll be too fat to be mobile, and then feel awful about saying something like that.
Also I don't have it in me
hahah
hahaha karmic justicew
KARMA IS JUST YOUR EXCUSE FOR A GOD
AND GOD ISNT REAL
SO GET OVER IT
lololol
it's my excuse for secretly being nice and not wanting to crush that girl for some reason
because I've posted comments and deleted them
believe me
hahahaha
so like
this super huge very popular and known for the best quality crested gecko breeder contacted me....
and she wants to trade me two babies for just ONE of this season's leopard geckos
and im like
YES DEAL YES YES DEAL
NO WAY
I have a 1/4 chance of hatching out the exact genes she is requesting
Good deal and also big deal right?
yes it is, because i have some very high quality leopard geckos and it's awesome that she took notice.
and i mean
this gecko came from her
nan
she has QUALITY
She is "recognizing" like on the *STREEEEEET* when homes stop to admire my whip
And i can't open that now but I assume it's pretty
it's beautiful, that's nitemare, my favorite crested gecko ever
i was just thinking recently about investing in a bunch of unsexed babies from this lady
and then she offers some up in a trade
and im like YES MY DREAMS
THEYRE COMING TRUE
AGAIN KARMIC JUSTICE BUT FOR YOUUUUU
(LET'S be clear, I don't believe in karma, I just like saying karmic)
karmic is a good word
It is
dude like
look at this gecko link
and you will understand why i love them so much
im getting a baby from this dude...
Alrighty
Thumbs up
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=581647518563826&set=a.581646795230565.1073741839.237044539690794&type=3&theater
LOOK AT DAT HEAD
Damn
I'm getting two babies from her, one named Ibiza and one named Wynot
While I don't SHARE your passion I understand it
I like those names hahah
theyre cute names
Ibiza is a half sibling to my adult, Nitemare
Hoping they both turn out female and gorgeoius
the whole reason i was on board with breeding leos is because theyre money geckos and will fund my crested projects
and it's funny because i havent even hatched one out yet but it's already gotten me two top teir babies on trade
Oh okay I get it
Yeah oddly enough lol
Gtg
TEACHERRRRRR
hahaha
bai
hai
hey pal
what it do yo
working on people the expo together some
i need to make some press releases again
when do you come back here?
Sunday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sunday sunday sunday
we need to go on a flier posting adventure again
sunday
I'd enjoy that
which means on monday
you and me
are posting fliers
sunday *spongebob voice*
clear your calendar and hide your daughters
so help me understand this
ALL OF MY DAUGHTERS
must be hidden
every. last. drop.
even the ones currently being courted
even those ones
better safe than sorry
imy life is boring and you should just move back and live in my upstairs with lizards forever
who needs school
bah
I sometimes dream
hahahaha
i think my brother may be out for good
sometimes I think
thank jesus
HAHAHA
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN
?!
he got tired of my rules, i guess
Rules are there for a reason: to protect the weak, to give power to the strong, and to get people to use coasters to avoid stains
and for real reasons
HAHAHAHA
i told him if he wanted to smoke to go outside
and he like started being a baby
and i think thats what did it
he smokes?
haha
yes
hes an idiot
he smokes cigars
and shitty american spirits
hahaha
IT'S JUST A FALLIC OBJECT TO HIM
THATS ALL IT IS
hes so gay dude
so
gay
and you're quitting anyway that's not cool
haha
hahaha
yea i did quit
and i asked him to go outside out of respect
and he was like WHY DO YOU GET TO SMOKE WEED AND I CANT SMOKE CIAGRETTES
and he whined like a little bitch boy
and im like, cuz i pay the motherfuckin rent
BECAUSE
RIGHT
HAHAHA
exactly
hahahaha
hes a child
bring me
THAT CHILD
hahahaha
remember
im so excited, chris and i are going on a date to rio tonight \m/
delicioso
and we're going to drink some liquor and smoke some stuff and watch a movie
(GET IT)
and then go to bed haha
yes i get it
mexican michael
THE PROPER TERM IS LATINO YOU ASS HOLE
DON'T OBJECTIFY ME
BEANER
YABEANER
YA DIRTY BEANER
you're finished
garcia
hahaha
what
haha
"you're finished"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i need to say that to someone
when they go to far
too
I can't laugh now
quiet room3 other people
don't QUOTE MY HILARIOUS ANTICS
NOT NOW! ITS NOT THE TIME!
fine, im finished, i promise
said the cow
moo
im so sorry
hahahahaha
;
jpoj
pojpoj
poj
poj
poj
poj
poj
po
waaaaat
you should do something for me
if you can
tell me what it is
print out fliers for our show and put them up around your campus
I can so do that
because ohio people come to WV shows sometimes
okay let me send you the official flier...
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=580622168690172&set=a.521177447967978.1073741828.513548178730905&type=1&theater
you cut the little thingies on the bottom....lol
I don't have color ink
I KNOW HOW THOSE WORK
it would help me so much if you put those up around ocffee shops or in the bilogy department, or the ecology department, just throughout the science wing lol
you dont need color
unless you want to use like a library printer
to get color
there's a herpetology dept somewhere here
I shall find it
youre genius
thank you
so much
i need all the people seeing these fliers as possible
ok, THAT is on lake eerie apparently but I'll put them up in common places that people see that seem sensible
haha
hahaha
lake eerie
what about lake spooky?
there's this guy
who keeps saying like
good god
fuck
you're kidding me
because of something with his phone
and I think he's doing that
just incase the sound comes on
and we hear the porn
just like
"THIS ISNT SUPPOSED TO BE ON HERE"
shut up buddy
THERE HE GOES AGAIN
"what is thisssssS"
"fuck"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
*picturing in my mind*
*frsutrated douchebag giving "wtf" hand to his phone while sweating slightly and making loud noises*
he has a fedora complete with beard and pinstriped skin
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
OMG
OMG
PINSTRIPPED SKIN
.
.
.
.
.
.
..
.
josh is a dick
im like, whats up
Why is that?
and hes like, getting dressed for work
and im like, my b
and then nothing
haha
i am already fully inside his head though
so im not worried about it
I don't get it
why is that exchange "bad"
because he stopped the conversation
because he just leaves it awkwardly hanging
I mean he was getting dressed
Oh
and doesnt pick up on it
who goes to work at 3 oclock
e's waiting for me to initiate it again
he msut work through all hours of the night
hahaha
he works until 2 am
thats why he has the drunken eyes
by choice?!
or not?
kind of, he then goes to the gym until 4 AM
goes to bed at like 6 AM
gets 4-6 hours of sleep
Nothing about his lifestyle is healthy
ahhahaha
i couldnt do it
I wouldn't want to because there are normal times offered
i mean, he's the supe
sometimes he works 12-5, a short normal day
but usually he's here until 2
because he's the supervisor or he can because he's the supervisor?
because hes the supervisor
hahaha
the one thing i hate about him working in retail support
I'd hate that job then haha
is that their department is behind a big divider thing with a door
he HAS to be in late
and any time i walk by, he could pop out in front of me and force me to interact with him
I would think there would be a second shift supervisor that would go after him
without being prepared to
HAHAHA
that's great
seriously ill just be ging to walk outside
and BAM door opens
*hopes its not josh*
hahaha
he's so awkward at work
and i dopnt like talking him her ebecause to me he tells me he doesnt want people thinking theres anything weird going on or whatever...but AT THE SAME TIME he got off work the other day and waited for me to go to lunch and then stood outside after his shift for a full hour talking to me, while everyone walked by us asking him why he hadnt left yet
EXPLAIN THAT
even my boss walked by us
barrett has to know somethings up
lol
i mean, nothing is
but he has to know something is weird
the bigger deal you make of it the bigger deal it becomes
(i.e. it's already a big deal to you)
haha
I HATE YOU
haha
WHY BECAUSE I'M RIGHT
....yes.
you called me a be****
a what?!
hahahahaha
double whammy
i dont know what youre even talking about
haha
you insulted my latino heritage
HAHAHA
so
speaking of which
haha
what
THEYRE SERVING GUMBO IN THE BREAK ROOM
hahahaha
delicious
it smells awesome
but i dont want to eat it
*feast*
or should I say
*fiesta*
haha its so not mexican
BUT I AM
no youre not
stop foolin
I gave up caffeine for my anxiety and my body is dying without it
Well more coffee than anything
I had decaf this morning and my body punched me from from the inside
dude i had a cup the other day and felt like i was coming down off meth haha
i hate it
That's how it makes me feel
But I'm addicted to it
So hard
I'm in serious withdrawal
I need so many mg a day
And hahahahahahaha meth
i have to do some work...im behind =/
Me too actually
sorry I've prevented you from working :/
haha its no biggie
almost done now
gonna do a date night thing
chris says i can buy a bong
I heard
HAHA!
thats the most exciting thing to do in charleston
dear god
it is
other than mexican food, which is, for some reason, so very good
and so very reasonable
we're going to black sheep
after we get a bong
and THEN
youll never guess what happens next
WERE GOING TO PICK UP DRUGS TO SMOKE
omg
i could have--
no
no
I couldn't have guessed
MUCH SURPRISE
obviously it's not weed or you would just say that and you wouldn't be this filled with joy
haha
what is it?
or is it just fun to say DRUGS TO SMOKE
i mean it is weed
because i dont do anything else
haha
BUT ITS FUN TO SAY IT LIKE THAT
i like saying it like that
SMOKE DRUGS
ERRY DAY
my dumb phone has 11 percent
so i had to turn it off
HAHH
damn
i hate that
I'm sorry
I wish I could smoke drugs sometimes
i cant plug it in near my bed because thats where my second incubator is, ugh!!!
I totally feel, but in a different way
haha
only 40 minutes left and i could not be more bored of sitting here
goddamn
they left me alone to do everything by myself for like 3 hours
which was not cool
hey why?
because barrett just leaves everything for me to take care of a lot
we had GUMBO in the break room because its fat tuesday
it's what
and chris and i got to watch josh look at the gumbo and ask what it is
and then the call center director, BIG IMPORTANT GUY, was like "josh you want some???"
hahahaha
he was like...no thanks...ill just take some chips...
it had sausage and chicken in it
sounds fine to me
not a bunch of it
but i knew he wasnt going to say "IM A VEGAN FUCK MEAT"
OH BOY
it was kind of good
HES A FUCKING VEGAN
yes haha
thats why its funny
NOTHING WORSE IN THE WORLD
because the call center director was serving it
ATHEIST VEGAN
and josh had to tell him no
MY GOD
and wouldnt specify why
I getcha hahahahahaha
it was pretty entertaining
one time bella told someone I was a vegetarian (back in the day) and then was like, I didn't need to say all that you can just refuse meat
someone that vegan should not be that fat, just saying.  also, he goes tot he gym.
HAHAHA
exactly
it doesnt need to be declared
dude
veganism
is one of THE
msot unhealthy ways to live
"MY MORALS ARE DIFFERENT FROM YOURS, I WILL SPIT ON THE FOOD YOU OFFER MEEE!!!"
no matter WHAT
anyone says
i agree completely, it's all carbs
It made me so sick. and I read a lot about it later, and there is NO WAY to get proper nutrients without meat or animal product of SOME KIND
it is!
and you're not saving animals if thats why you do it
ya know
go volunteer or some shit if you wanna help animals
he said he used to eat shit tons of meat and he got sick, back when he was a witness of jehovah
don't sit on your ass weaving dream catchers and eating bread
and his gf at the time told him to try not eating meat
HAHAHAHAHA
OMG TOO FUNNY
That's an awful story for like 100 reasons HAHAHAHa
like
WTF
yea and he called her "unnamed girlfriend" because at this point he wasnt allowed to have sex
because of jesus
wait
and im just like....how did you make it into your late twenties before you realized you were nuts
was he oddly old when he lost his virginity then
i told you
he lost it in 2004
HAHA THAT STATEMENT
hahahaha
when he was 26
YES
HAHA
that might be a serious developmental delay. Maybe that's part of his insanity
ahahaha
that's unbelievable dude!
i know!  i was just like....WAT
THAT DOESNT HAPPEN
because one day he said, today is the 10th anniversery of the death of my virginity
and im like....
HOW
you fuckin weirdo
how do you have girlfriends when youre not allowed to have sex?
WHATS THE POINT
I think that's a developmental delay. That's partly why he's weird, and socially retarded. Everything is happening late for him. Sex. The realization that god isn't real. Being Emo.
kind of kidding
but seriously
wow
just
wow
I'm not over how weird it is
youre so spot on
jesus
that explains his manners
his behavior
his angst
his pre-pubescent-like obsession with sex
so mentally hes like
...
my age
Yeah basically that's why you get along so well
(again, opinion)
it makes sense
sometimes i wonder
why he is okay with going out places with me, because h is obviously an old dude
but maybe he just doesnt see it
he sees us as peers
i know this because he treats me no differently than he would another supe
see
he should treat me like im below him, an agent
you wanna think it's because he's so mature and respectful, and sees you for you. However, you know he's none of those things so why would he be towards you in that way? He feels like he's your age
right
someone with HIS PERSONALITy
should treat you as lesser
but he doesn't realize how old he is
This realization
he really really doesnt....
has made this whole situation 100000 times better
i just notice that age is NEVER a conversation we have
also
really?
hmmm
heres something i didnt pick up on
but
oko k
awesome
haha
when we first started talking, i spoke to him like he was my superior, because he is
and he was just like, dont call yourself dumb because of your age
which seems like....he was trying to be like "i know how you feel because im also young"
or something weird
RIGHT
like
thinkg about it
wow
anyone else his age, with his position would be condescending. He's in a higher position, but not the highest. Middle management age 30-50 tends to have this overtly-masculine superiority complex
usually not super kind
i mean he borderline flirts with me sometimes to the point where i just want to ask, WHAT IS YOUR MOTIVE YOU CRAZY CHILDMAN
but i ignore it
it's childish flirting
haha
think about this:
people our age, (normal people not us) hang out with large groups of people, flirt, flirt with their friends, have sex with their friends, nothing really matters in that sense. He's being playfully flirtatious like a 21 year old would be around ANY female friend because they wouldn't be able to resist
He likes you as a friend
but there's like some driving sexual force
WOW
SPOT ON M8
seriously
that makes SO MUCH SENSE
dude the other night, maybe last night, he was trying to explain to me how im probably not enough for chris and that cheating is normal
and i wanted to be like, why say that
he said "cheating is normal"
21 year male logic
very Darwinistic
he's not without morals, he's just a fucking teen basically hahaha
also wow to him saying that. 'wow'
i was like, but i am enough for chris.  and he said, well maybe if chris is odd.  but most people fool around.  and i said, i could never do that, i need the emotional connection.  and he was like, some people say that, and some people such as yourself mean it, but what people say and what they do are different
That's a childish motto
Either he has a younger mind set, is obsessed with Darwin (who by the way was a racist idiot when we're talking about humans) or BOTH
I take issue with darwin obviously haha
HERES WHATS WEIRD
we think like people who are his age
oh shit
so how do i know
that IM not just overly mature?
because I'm around people my age a LOT and they're like josh and have the same philosophies and crap
You are overly mature
that's not to explain him though
it's like a role reversal type situation
the younger person trying to get the older person to do something stupid
but you're the older person
thats really fitting, because thats how it seems
he like
i dont know i felt like when i was eating with him and talking to the waiter that i was eons nicer to the waiter than he was, and he KNEW the guy from eating there so much
OH AND GET THIS
the waiter is like, can i get you some more coffee?  and josh goes yea, then take like 10 seconds to CHUG what was left in his mug, and then hands to mug to the guy.
im just like
*shrinking and dying im not here*
hahahaha
are we at a college town sleezy bar and are you ordering another beer
HAHAHAHAHA
I'm going to continue making him seem like a juvenile
because he actually is
think about it
like
if say in 2014
the average person has sex between 15-17, he's like at least ten years younger than he is
he wasn't that age until 26
sexually
or I GUESS psychosexually
his first adult relationship he's still dwelling on at 36
WE ALL DO THAT
our first adult relationships as teens
we obsessess
OHHH THEY WERE THE ONE
then we hit 18
and we're like
no
omg youre so fucking
right
but he didn't have that until recently
i want to tell him all of this
but hes a child and wuoldnt understand
dammit
catch 22
for now he remains unaware of the testing.
sometimes i can't tell if you're mocking me or actually telling me I'm right
hahaha
im never mocking you
because I don't hear "your wrong" so there's no basis
I know I know
youre never wrong because we have the same brain
RIGHT
and because we have the same brain but not the same conscious mind I can tell you what the collective brain is doing while your caught up in something and vice versa
'collective brain'
yes exactly.  i cant use all my brain at once so if i use one part you can convey thoughts from the other
WE ARE ONE
hahaha
HAHAHA
dude telling him all of this would be so bad
though
not only would he not grasp the extent of it
but it could damage him even more I think
lol
think about it
HEY YOU'RE LIVING IN A DREAM WORLD: HERE'S PROOF
HAHAHAHA
i feel like maybe
now tell me if im crazy
but maybe i could help accelerate his "growing up"?
because at some point he will realize that i am a 20 year old
and he is a 36 year old
and that he could be my fucking dad
I'd like to do some research
HOLY SHIT HE COULD BE
there's some kinds of cognitive behavioral therapy that can fix this and we could half ass it and see if it works as a fun experiment
yes please that sounds so fun!!!!
do you know what the therapy is?
It's some kind of exposure therapy
Like we'd have to correct his cognitive distortions
and force him to face what he really is
and it would be traumatizing
but he would snap into reality
he would hate me and shut me out
well i mean
that's what I was gonna say
like
there's the issue
what would be so convincing that he would snap out of it?  what could possibly do that?
you'd be surprised what kinds of exposure therapy do to people. Coming to this grand catharsis.
I'd have to look more into it
i dont know what could do anything to him
i mean, i feel like his GF (because she is married with children) was somewhat of an adult
and thats probably why she left him
you're rigt
but i know she didnt just NOT tell him that hes a child
she had to have told him to grow up
oh had to have
yeah
but it probably went right through his head
yep
just like everything else
he fell and hurt his shoulder at work apparently, ripped a tendon or something, slipped on ice
and i imagined it
and almost laughed in his face
just
think about it happening
the injury isn't funny
how it happened
and who it happened to
is funny
exactly
i dont want him to be hurt
but cmon
that shits hilarious
right
hahahahaa
I getcha
anyways, we have finally figured it out
we finally figured out the disorder
WE ARE A GREAT TEAM
We've figured out the symptoms
and yes we are
I feel like its just
hahaha
NOT QUITE THERE
I wish I could access everything we've talked about him and organizee it
and go over it
hahah
start taking notes man
hahaha
i can tell you things he says that are odd
for a 36 year old
and you just compile a list and what each statement says abouthis thinking
I can search through our facebook convos
I feel like diagnosing him with a disorder is the funnest thing I've done in a while
*team button*
go
its pretty hilarious
go team!
go go go!
I'm gonna skim through the diagnostics manual and see what looks good
*Laughs*
now...do you think you could contain your protests long enough to sit and have lunch with him?
ohhhhh
because we're hanging out monday, you and i
absoLUTELYYYYYY
that's the BEST PART
getting to watch him in his element
being the third party
and he told me that he would maybe be interested in doing another 1st impression on you, for my sake (as if he could look any better than he did shit faced hahaha)
im going to ask him
no im going to tell him, because where the roles have slightly reversed
i can say "so you should go out and eat with michael and i" instead of asking
and it will go over better because i think he takes well to commands?
when we first started talking he said to never ask anything of him or tell him to do anything
HOLY GOF
now thats out the window, i can say what i want
GOD
I just realized
yeah
don't abuse your power
but
you do have the upper hand
you can probably get him to do whatever you want to an extent
i LAWAYS manage the upper hand in every situation, its a part of my own issues haha, but i feel like he doesnt want me mad at him secretly or something
yea to an extent he will do whatever
dude
if I don't get the upper hand I drop people. I don't manage it. I NEED it to survive relationships
hahaha
he WENT INTO WORK LATE during what he called a CRISIS because he had alkready planned to have lunch with me
wait what
hahahaha
the roads were covered in like 3 inches of ice
and instead of going into work to supervise his department
oh yeah
he went to stupid lunch with me
and just left early
he looks up to you in some weird way
this all fits to perfectly not to be true right? It feels stupid, but it fits
i know it does feel crazy but it's all accurate
ii told him he should eat with us
let me see how he reacts to a statement and not a question
because he will probably say something like
okay cool
i hate being around people, but ill do it because i dont want him to think im a drunken asshole
or something
holy MOTHER OF GOD
oh no
HOLY CHRIST
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN
" me:  You should maybe have lunch with Michael and I.
This coming week.
 lordmacbayne:  burritos.
 me:  That was easy.  And yes."
what did he say
dude
my face just turned white
I WAS RIGHT
YOURE THE ADULT
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
OH MY GOD
OH MY GOD
ITS HAPPENING
ITS HAPPENING
WE WERE RIGHT
HAHAHA
*I can't even (like white girl)*
hahaha
i have to go
but
this conversation will continue
oh k
I'll ttyl
when do you come in sunday?
because thats when josh is free
I'm not sure.I'm hitching a ride with someone I think
Not tooo late
okay because he said it's "tentative" because something could come up but apparently he doesnt have time monday so itll have to be sunday
It won't be too late
I know it's not relevant but I just remembered that he doesn't have transportation
yes he does lol, his car is just super shitty
no heat or air
OH
and its a grandma car
A 1985 buick?
And you lead me to believe he walked everywhere to prove something haha
its like a 2000 saturn thats ugly dark green
Like he's different
he lead me to believe that hahahaha
but
ive learned that he usually drives
I figured haha
im so bored
chris gets today and tomorrow off
fuckin shit
damn
I'm bored as well
I have nothing to do for like two hours
thank god, you can talk to me lol
my professor started talking about his motley crue tickets again and all I could think about was when I asked the ticketmasterCA twitter about tickets to see them in gary indiana
hahahah
haha
i want to go buy candy to eat
but i dont want to get up out of my desk AGAIN
so soon
ITS TOO SOON
today i have to beg people to donate to our raffle for the show lol
this post omg "I'm saint james, which one of jesus disciples are you? TAKE THE QUIZ!"
omg lolol
Did you have a raffle last time? I'm like certain you did
lol
you did
yes
we raised 400 dollars
somehow
lol
right right
god im fucking slammed at work
damn really
that sucks
yea im doing all the social media work
and my hands smell line pine
WHY
like
what
hahaha
they smell like pine
i swear
that's pleasant though
it's not
PUNGENT
is it?!
PUNGENT?
i have to type up a whole press release thing to post in like 30 different FB groups bi-weekly topromote the show
and also do real work at the same time
i wish i had more help or more free time
haha
there aren't enough people in your department doing things
there just aren't
like other than what you do
Most other people work phones right?
the only other person working with me today is assigned to help the other half of our department, so she isnt helping me
yes most people work phones
o'course
I think they just know that you'll do it and take advantage of that
thats what ive said all along haha
I was typing up this big thing
haha
yeah
and realized
if they wanted to do that
they would've
Anyone who starts a fb post with "My little rant of the day >:|" is immediately on an NRA watch list
well
should be
hahaha
dude i have to go for now, i know it sucks i wanna converse but im getting emails and bullshit =/
bye buddyyyy
GOOD BYE
im so sad
im so unhappy with my job
I'm so sorry :/
im just so depressed
and i dont work well under the negative reinforcement model of motivation
Yeah I've noticed they do that
I wish you could just do reptiles full time
i do too, im on the verge of tears
im just not happy with this
i dont get treated well at all
I wish you could do something about that
i want to quit but im spineless
and bad at other jobs
Not true
It's just
That's a stable job
And there aren't like 1000 up for grab
i know
theres like 2
I wish you could do something you enjoyed more
i wuold be fine doing this job
if people actually helped me
and gave a shit
no one in my department cares if i live or die
im just a body in a chair
Sounds a little distorted. I'm sure that's not true!
I mean you could get more respect I agree
I'm not disputing that. I just think you're more than "a body in a chair" to your coworkers
i really dont know man
martin is mean to me
and would steal money from me if he could
i invited everyone to my reptile show
no one came except for people that chris works with
Oh my gos
Your pam
no one in my department cared
Like no one came to her art show
They are shitty.
Dude they know that's important to you -.-
yes i know
they know it's my life
and they dont even care
they dont want to hear about it
theyre not even remotely interested
if anything when i started in this department they hated me for it
Because their lives are so much more interesting IM SURE
and terry, my old manager, would talk about me "double dipping" by managing my reptile page at work
while i wasnt around
i also got a RANDOM PERSON who sent me this today, she says it was on ifunny like last month
people hate me
That's not double dipping he doesn't understand anything. Fuck ass
DUFR
i know it's not but the others dont know that and they just assume i am
Dude
Whoa
yep
That's surreal
Like
Are you kidding
That's cyber harassment or something
Damn
yep
i dont even know who did it
but according to the person who sent it to me
they were just calling me a fat ugly bitch
i want to die
No one hates you that much
It's hard to believe
You're personable you do your job well you're  interesting
You don't have enemies
Really
It's just so disgusting that people take time to engage in that behavior
i lay so low it's ridiculous
I KNOW YOU DO
i try to never make a sound or draw attention to myself for this reason
because this is what i lived through my whole life in school and at my stepmom's
just emotional abuse
i want to go home but i cant
I know
But seriously that's such a high school thing to do
Ever think maybe it was just kaitlyn because you called her out?
no
who would know what "dox" means
probably shayn
Valid point
i think he egged my car too
And HE DOES NO MATTER
i dont even talk to him
but he hates me
Why though
i dont know
it could be a gecko person who hates me
i dont know
but someone hates me a lot
no one can help me
im so low
I have been there in a different way
Chris is all concerned and wants I help but he can't
Josh doesn't really care
No one really cares
No one can really help when you're depressed
the offer doesn't mean much
that's why I'm not offering
Yea I know, it's just like...you can't help
right. It's impossible to be on same page as someone who's depressed
I have been and it annoyed me when people tried and couldn't help
you take antidepressants right?
Antidepressants have made me worse. I smoke weed at that helps.
the best thing for you to do (since therapy isn't an option) is just to talk about what's making you sad. Just talk at me whenever you need to. I'm not gonna sit here and try to fix it, but I'll listen
What's frustrating is that I know the things that get to me are stupid and I've already whined about them a million times
that's how it works
I mean I just want to be happy
And I don't know how
you realize that it's silly and try to get reason to defeat the sadness, because you shouldn't be sad. But the reality is, you don't have to rationalize or be sorry for an emotion no matter the circumstances
It's just hard to not cry at work
sometimes you just are
Yeah
I getcha
What are you sad about, TODAY? Like what is making you want to cry?
And of courae josh just sends me a link to a stupid photo of a fossil
what the hell
I feel disrespected and like I don't matter
he's emotionally a child, remember this
Ok
Well. Do you think I respect you? Chris? Josh? People that you do business with?
My boss just gives me all the fucking work and never says good job, he just shows me what I do wrong
ok
well
That's just a certain way of thinking. Some people just don't say that. What you have to remember, is that doing a good job is a good job nonetheless, and even though he doesn't say it, he probably acknowledges to himself that you do good work
People are not inherently evil, they do have trouble expressing themeselves though
Maybe he doesn't appreciate you, but odds are he probably does in some way if you do your job well.
Just not in the way that you're used to.
he does i know but he ever tells me and i feel like im getting worked to the bone
as hes walking to leave, he doesnt even stop, he just says "hunter, hold down the fort" and leaves me
If he hasn't up to this point, and you know you've been doing good work, he may never say it. And you probably are getting worked a lot, but it may have something to do with how well you do it. The feeling of being worked to the bone may be influenced by how you're feeling right now as well. And also, the fact that he says that is kind of a symbol of trust right? He knows that you aren't going to just give up after he leaves, he trusts that you are good at your job and trusts you
and it's especially hard for me because i know an instant way to happiness
I know
But that's not something I want to let happen to you because you deserve better
i do and i wouldnt do that to chris again
I know you wouldn't
without a doubt
but obviously it is going to come into your mind
Ok, well, I have to go, just try your best not let any of these things get to you
okay, will do
hey mayne
hey
so
this just happened...
"me:  i dont understand
 lordmacbayne:  ?
 me:  i just feel like im being made fun of or something
i dont get whats funny
 lordmacbayne:  Only slightly.
In a older brother type way.
Punch in the arm.
Etc"
older brother -.-
I don't even get what he's saying
Oh
Did he make a joke at your expense?
The big brother thing
Was weird to me
Also he's in love with The Waitress at Black Sheep hahaha
what hahaha
what even is that
some hipster place
"you can't smoke inside here sir unless you're smoking american spirits"
HAHAHAHA no it's the new burrito place that we're going to lunch at. It's honestly the shit.
I love bor ee dos
Dude you don't even know
The burritos are huge, I can't eat a full one.
They're like gourmet
I get the vegan burrito
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I know what you mean
but
The vegan burrito is the best fucking thing you'll ever taste
Are they as big a qdoba burritos
no
I like vegan foods sometimes
but I prefer meat If i can help it
You're going to eat it, it's the only vegan thing you'll ever want to eat
Dude
there's this delicious vegan restaurant in charleston, downtown somewhere. It's super tiny
CHRIS preferred it over his
DUDE what
CHRIS DOESNT DO HEALTHY
EVAR
What kind of substitute is it?
but he was angry he got the general Tsos and not the vegan
It's deep fried tofu slabs
With rice wih cucumber vinaigrette
And kimchi
Kimchi is like sweet pickled slaw
It's perfection
YES
I know
yum
I could go for that
but I refuse (on my strict set of principles that I follow daily and nightly and ever so rightly) to admit that vegan food can be better
Yeassss thank you haha
Dude please don't pick a fight with josh
Please
*jokes ala josh*
I am kidding
I could admit it
lol
just teasing josh's "principles"
HAHAHAHA
Yes please just observe him. You wouldn't antagonize a patient, right?
Just go along with it hahaha
that's my whole plan
I'm not gonna like tease him or fuck with him
I am interested to meet
him
human being to human being
BUT
hahahaha
I do want to watch him and see what he does
yea i did and it was weird
hes like
punk rock michael jackson
he cant grow up
*gets out "dragon dictate" compatible device to write down what ever he says without doing any work*
WHEW
that was tiring
and hahaha
punk rock michael jackson
i laughed so hard at my own joke
so hard
I walk around all day doing that
except in my mind
I convince myself you told me a joke
so I don't feel crazy
I then look at my phone with a 'face'
hahahahahahaha
sometimes I think I'm gonna grow up and develop some schizo-type disorder
I mean I've got everything else matt has
hahaha
loooool
omg
that's why I'm so afraid of weed. I smoked it once and and a psychotic episode, and it's chemical interactions actually can bring out schizophrenia if you have it. (dopamine overload)
Dear god I already sound like a paranoid schizophrenic
CAN'T WAIT TO MEET YOUR FRIEND
I keep wanting to type
meat
HAHAHAHAHA
your friend
I want to meat josh
hahaha
i got a gravity bong
HAHAHAHAHAHA
MEAT JOSH
HAHA
HA
TOUCH HIM WITH MEAT? OR IS IT 'MEAT JOSH' (JOSH MADE OF GOUND BEEF)
SEMANTICS HA!
hahahahahahahaha
I am dying now
hahaha
josh made of meat
youre the fred armisen to my carrie brownstein
im laughing so hard
YES
i look crazy
THAT DESCRIBES OUR RELATIONSHIP
PERFECTLY
THAT IS US
that means I get to drink the soot water
i love being home
but i get bored
so i just smoke weed
Matt opened up the gift I got you thinking I got it for him. Breaking this to him was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. Which is why I had my grandmother do it.
OMG NOOOO HAHAHAHA
It was heart breaking
hahaha
THAT MEANS ILL LOVE
THE SIGN OF MATTHEW
(detects gift love)
that sounds so biblical
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I am so #righton
#rock
i feel bad for matt
buy him one too
See, he would like it, but it doesn't apply to him specifically
I feel bad for matt a lot
it's bad too
I know I shouldn't
but I can't help it
bhaha
matt is a gentle soul
hes lee's nice twin
lee is the evil twin
lee is gay and sassy
and throws shade
that bitch better watch it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I think it's unfair that matt grew to like 6'6
he's so awkward
like with the staring and standing
Like why couldn't have the poor kid been short
hahahahahahahaahaha
i cant breath
too much laughter
hahaha
like this has been the topic of family discussion
like he's just...s' tall
wanna hear a funnny story
yesss!!!
Let's establish something, when I say "john" you basically know who I'm talking about right
that's vital to the matt story
yes
ok
well
okay hahaha
He took matt to the barber shop, they both got hair cuts. Matt finished early, but John had to wait in the chair for some time. He said that matt stood behind him while he waited, and the whole time he was getting his hair cut. He said he knew this...because...wait for it....he was facing the mirror, and matt was looking at him through the mirror, just standing behind the guy cutting his hair
cant stop laughing omg
hahahahahaha
I couldn't when I heard it
matt just standing behind
for like 30 minutes
looking into the mirror
THROUGH IT
into BLACK HOLES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SHOOTING EYE BEAMS AT ALIENS
He's better with the standing and looking now
you have to be really structured and really tough on people like him
or they just keep
...doing things
hahah
like
"MATT SPEAK THE HELL UP"
STOP LOOKING EVERYWHERE
I LAUGHED SO HARD AT THAT
im crying hahaha
thank you for that
you are welcome
I have plenty of matt stories saved up
He is so perceptive dude
like he's so to himself
haha
he just watches
and every once and a while he'll say something really opinionated,...
hahahahahahahahaha
but so true
haha
matt
THE ENIGMA
HAHHAHAA
so here's another one just for kicks
yes yes yes
At the school talent show, a Pakistani girl got up and spoke. At the end, she asked everyone to stand while she recited their "pledge of allegiance."  Matt said he refused to stand. He said this was because that was a corrupt nation and he didn't owe it that kind of gratification. My mom said "did anyone else not-stand?" he said "yea. the kids in wheelchairs. " so the one's who COULDNT
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
chris wants to meet matt
bring him over here
show him the lizards
he'd love that
over break
when I come in
I'll bring him over
I'm saving the rest of these stories for rainy days
they're GOLD
hahahahaha
not at work
please
hahahahaha
too laugh
much laugh
very belly pain
i hate that like
DEEP GUT LAUGHTER
that pains you
i just cry a lot lololol
HHAHAHAHAHA
and yes i know what you mean
I LAUGH
I LAUGH AT YOUR TEAR-ING
*huehuehuehue
*
obviously, I had to hyphenate that hahahahahahaahahaha
omg hahahaha
yeah...hahahaha
so what month do you come back here for good?
for the summer or whatever
for BREAL
BREAK
THE END OF APE
AHAHAHAHA
BREAL
BREAL
BREAL
BREAL
WE CAN SHARE SOME ZA
AFTER I GET BACK
IN APE
jajajaja
i hate humans
jes
SPANISH LAUGHTER
remember when i listened to screamo
do you ever think deeply when you listen to aphex twin
today i was thinking
damn, i used to listen to screamo
i never understood that
i thought you were all fools
hahahahahaha
Some of it (with singing in it?) is kind of catchy
but it's all garbage disposal hot shit toilette
YOU WERE ALL FOOLS
ok
my adjectives are not strong today
HAHAHAHA
i was super into UK music
and fashion
today I was thinking like
remember that?
YEAH YOU WERE
hahahaha
YES
HAHAHA
I HAD A CAPE
AND A MOD HAIR CUT
you did
hahahaha
which was kind of cool. in contrast to my screamo
I WORE A BLACK BERET
like
serioulsy
you still win
now i wear a teal one
hahahaaha
i looked HIGH FASHION
always
hahahahaha
haha
us as #teens
I was also once #CHRISTian
Not really though
I constantly told my mom I hated god (because I couldn't land a skateboard trick)
then I was like
THIS IS NOT HELPING ANYONE
SO I QUIT MOM
HAHAHAHA
i remember when you were super christian
and your family hated me
Like I tried so hard
they thought i was the devil
hahahahahaha
yeah
why was that
i really dont know
I think that one time your mom put eyeliner on me
they sensed my inner disaster
hahahaha
and the fact that she had terot cards
like
hahahaha
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOpva_iit-8
this was my family
remember that video
WITCHCRAFT
THEY DIDNT BELIEVE IN GOD
THEIR SISTER
SHE DIDN'T BELEIVE
*CROSSES FINGERS*
NON BELIEVERSSSSSSSSSs
shun the non believers
and i was shunned
haha
DARK SIDED
YOU WERE DARK SIDED
it was really you being blamed for my choices
like
I was so perfect
I couldn't be emo or anything
that was the REAL reasoning
think about it
yes you wanted things and couldnt do it yourself so i usually convinced you to be yourself (at the time)
so i could see why theyd hate me
hahahaha
yeah
I as afraid of them
hahaha
years later....
everyone renounces the church except my grandmother
WHO I THINK ACTUALLY HATES ME
nan
whats the burrito palce called
black sheep
Just remembered this awesome thing I meant to tell you: for depression and restlessness eat foods high in folic acid or take a supplement. I'm prescribed it I think. It works wonders
ENJOY YOUR DAY
I must go
Bye
this monring i ate a cliff bar, and had vitamin D, B12, and iron.  I AM SUPER HUMAN
B 12
DAT FOLIC THO
Yes
i need to buy some
IM MICK FOLEY
It's SO good for you
I am gonna try to today
i want a  burrito
im pretty bored at work
but im trying to buy something
that i dont need
that i kind of maybe could use
What
Save money if you can
RIGHT
i mean i cant find anything worth spending money on
lol
NOTHING IS WORTH ANYTHING
GOD IS NOT REAL
SEX IS NOT LIKE PORN
hahahahahahahahaha
my stupid life and my stupid things
YOU ARE NOT YOUR JKHAKIS
hahahaha
Hahahaha
dude i started wearing makeup
talk about superficial
psh
I heard
That's not superficial
you heard? hahaha
It's just a choice one way or another based on personal preference
Haha
YEAH YOU TOLD ME
ohhh
THRICE
im thinking about buying some make ups
Do it
i wanna
i bought some the other day but it was just basics
i need to rebuild my colors
I am partially colorblind. Well not much more than most males. But I can't really tell colors apart more specific than Roy g biv
Haha
Bella is always like DO YOU LIKE THIS COLOR
AND IM LIKE IT'S VERY GREY
And she's like IT'S CHAR COAL AQUA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
are males really that color blind?
Dude its a genetic flaw
No lie
Girls can see more colors anyway
And usually taste more flavors
And most guys aren't super bad but girls are like way way less ofteb
hahahaha
its funny because that description of color you gave
was so similar to a lipstick i was looking at
it was like a lavendar grey
hahahaha
OUR COLLECTIVE OPTIC NERVE SENT IT TO ME
Collectively
yep
it must have
hahaha
i want this make up
Ask Josh if the burritos are very umami, and say if they aren't Michael is bringing his own
HAHAHAHA
i will ask, hes busy but ill ask
I'll bring my own baby calf
I NEED UMAMI
hes going to be like
wtf is this kids deal
but not really
because he thinks he is us
I'll quote this ever so famous line in response to that: "Bull shit"
hahaha
i cant chose a color
help me
pick from the 4 on the right
Give me the choices
Don't show me
http://limecrime.com/eyes/eyeliners-77.html
That's not helpgul
eyes
HAHAHA
Name then
light blue, dark blue, light purple, super neon green
I know which one you'll ultimately choose and I know which one you're conflicted about choosing.
And no
If I tell you it will ruin my prophecy
which and which hahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
Elohim spoke to me
SEE ABOVE
HAHA
I even (with *skill*) predicted your question (your NOT EASILY predictable question)
I don't know how to screen shot on my phone
Is that sad
JUST HELP ME
Go with the light purple. Just pick that one.
hahaha
dammit
NO
Then go with your indecisive side and pick neon green
I know you want to.
god dammit haha
i do
But you know purple is easier
im picking an eye shadow palette and i will choose the liner based on the 5 colors in the palette....
And the two dark colors were just to make yourself feel like you had more options. I don't think you were gonna pick either of the dark colors
Also
I dunno what any of that means
hahaha
Make up for your pallet
haHAHA
im going on an online shopping spreeee
wtahc out for meeee
watch
dammit
am i retarded or something
You suck
Get our
Out
I suck too
hahahahahaha
nice job
LOSER
PLEASURE
You're shopping for PLEASURE
THE PLEASURE PRINCIPLE
MAKE UP IS BRINGING YOU PLEASURE
now i just have to pick a lip stick....
Ok.....
What are you going with. ..
...
look at this color, blind man
...
http://limecrime.com/lips/opaque-lipstick-20.html
its the grey lavendar one
i havent made up my mind though
I have a huge phone screen and I don't want to visit that link as I am surrounded by people
(My anxiety hell)
hahahahahaha like theyll ccare
Stupid college teens
Fuck then
I can't type
MY POINTS LACK ILLUSTRATION DUE TO MY INABILITY TO TYPE
hahaha
i dont know which color =[[
nan
HA
laaame
josh is busy
i would have him help me
because hes a fashion wueen
queen
hahaha
omg
Hahahhahah
hes back!
perfect timing
All hail the queen
God save josh
hahahaha
he said he doesnt know how umami applies to burritos
It only applies to meat. That was intended offend him about his vegan bull shit
I'm gonna eat it
But with a frown
hahahahaha
it is umami though
i know the word
and the vegan burrito is
I must smoke a cigar to regain my manhood after eating fake meat
HAHAHAHA
youre just wanting to make him throw a michael tighe fit
thats really what you want
hahaha
But I know better
you better
because i will walk away if you compromise the test subject
NEVER COMPROMISE
I wont
I NO MY LIMITS
YOU NO
lolol
hes helping me with the lipstick hahahaha
he kept asking what i was wearing it for
i guess thinking it was for something special?
its not, i just want it
HAHAHAHA
he read them back to me using the real color names
"no she didnt"
HAHAHAHA
I have to listen for a minute
?
I am in lecture and I had to pay attention to the idiot woman lecturing.
Haha
hahaha
i asked josh if i should get the mint green lipstick
and he said
"you mean Mint To Be?"?
i laughed so hard
That's pretty good hahaha
just spent 60 dollars on makeup
worth it
ill ride in my car until it explodes
so i have until then to buy a new one
lolol
I'm not saying you shouldn't have bought the make up
but this is where I say something reasonably disagreeing with you
*statement*
#good friend
hahahahaha
i mean we'll have like 600-700 to put into savings
and then we'll put in whatever we make at the reptile show, so probably 1500 or more
and just whatever we get from selling aqnimals
etc
that will be good then
yeah
ill be able to get a better shitty car
lol
i have no credit
MY CREDIT IS
fair
A gentleman's 650.
hahaha
i have zero
so the exotics ban passed
You do if you've ever payed a bill
Use credit karma .com
Anyway
I know dudr
What are the specifics
let me use credit karma....
Yeah I would
and basically i would have to get rid of my hognose snake project, which im not willing to do.  considering moving to VA beach.  for real.
Damn
Is the market down there good
its not bad
look
http://www.apartmentguide.com/apartments/Virginia/Norfolk/The-Gates-Of-West-Bay/4881/
it could generate no credit history for me haha
Try another site
That's impossible
Look up where credit comes from
YOU HAVE IT
they said i have a "thin file"
so, not enough to count
hey any idea what time tomorrow youll be in?
I'll let you know as soon as I know
okay im trying to straighten stuff out
Alright cool
josh like
walked me out to my car the other night
and then yesterday messaged me to ask if i wanted to go on break with him
so
i dont know
lol
im obviously not considering his advances
That's nice of him
Oh
Advances
yes these are things he normally would never do unless i asked
and then he would say maybe
but hes been volunteering his niceness
which is odd
haha
HOW HUMAN OF HIM
yea its totally weird man
well he shouldnt have walked me to my car
because i parked Wy FAR AWAY
AND HIS CAR WAS RIGHT THERE
and then he just walked all the way back to his car
Yeah that's weird a little
he was like, where are you parked?  and i said, wayyy the fuck over there, and he was like ill just walk over there with you
haha
Don't over analyze that haha
That's just a gesture
well it's not something he does
also he would NEVER ask if i wanted to hang out during a break
thats usually what i ask
and then hes like hhh maybe
but this time he asked me, and because i wasnt at my desk, he walked over here looking for me
okay so brunch tomorrow is 11-3
will you be here before that ends?
Maybe
I'm either leaving today, or tomorrow evening
=/  i hope you leave tonight
because if none, no josh meet up
Damn. Me too then
is it a friend bringing you in?
Yeah
and they have no idea or they just havent decided?
Well my friend called his dad to come here today but he never picked up, but the plan was for that to happen tomorrow
=[
maybe he could call him again?
i mean, i just dont want you left out
He will. I'm not super worried As of right now
koay just let me know pls
Tomorrow. I don't know when it will be.
poopie
well thats okay because monday we can go hang up fliers and have fun
like last time
josh's response to you not making it
"well, balls."
haha
He longs for my company
he does
hahaha
nan
thumb.
I'm not gonna be back in time tomorrow
:/
i didnt figure =/
enjoy burritos in *remembrance* of me. The tortilla is my bodie, which is brokin 4 u, and the drink u enjoy is the new covenant n my blood
Hahaha we miss you
When do you come in today?
soon
I'm leaving before 2:30 I'm pretty sure
Okay so can you come over tonight?
Yeah it's a definitely possibility
Woo!
by the grace of elohim
Hahaha
I just did a conversation search on our facebook conversation for 'elohim' and it displayed 40 results
some of them...really eerie
i say to honor him a lot
HAHAHAHA
We are stupid. I'm having mimosas. There's no burritos though.
HONOR ME LIKE THE MORMON JESUS
Hahaha
Chris is excited for you to come home
So Am I
I just got in on the 8 dollar bottomless mimosas haha
They didn't card
OH NICE
What did you compare frozen yogurt to the other day? Hahaha
Oh god
Search for frozen yogurt in out conversation because I don't remember but it was weird (I mean obviously but)
HAHAHAHA
I can't search for it right now
At Taylor's
DRINK MY COMMUNAL COFFEE BLOOD
IN REMEMBERENCE OF ME
Let me know when you're here bro
I passing through Elkview I HATE ROAD TRIP
Are you here?
Yes
Okay I'm with josh
Oh nice what are you doing
Want to hang out?
Sure can it wait just tad I haven't seen my family in like three months haha
Yea lol. Do you wanna eat?
Sure dude
Where at?
ANYWHERE
I'm out front
Did I leave my laptop charger at your place?
yes =/
also
5 dollars in my car
Shoot. Of course.
haha
i could drop it off before work tomorrow
That would be awesome if you could
fo sho homie
Sorry a out thus morning, had to get up at six to do shit for my mom and fell asleep.
its fine, you can come up here and get it or wait until we're off work
When would be a good yime?
we take lunch at like 4 usually
i can let you knoe
know
or break if you want to earlier
i can break at like 2:30 if you want
let me know when you want your stuff and ill go on break
I can c ome after I get maira from school. (Around 330)
okay lol
just let me know when youre out front and ill clock out
im super depressed
and its not helping chris
hes like, not joking, suggesting that we kill ourselves
Almost there
okay ill run outside for a bit
ill be out front, just wait for me if you dont see me, gotta run to my car and get your stuff
I'm out front also
dude do you know where i can get a freshly weaned cockateil?
cockatiel
I have no idea dude
we used to go to this pet store in SC that had really great birds
i remember that place
it shut down
i messaged a wv breeder
im going to either get a bourke's parakeet or a cockatiel
that's so awesome
have you had a bourke's?
I don't think so
im leaning towards those because people say cockatiels are loud, plus only some of them can speak
i dont think bourkes can speak but theyre smaller
and ive heard they arent as loud
would you recommend a cockatiel though? i like charlie
I really like them
we have had a few really good ones
hm you may have just changed my mind then
because charlie is awesome haha
he is dude haha
yea im gonna ask for a cockatiel...bourkes are prettier but i want fun over pretty
totally
youre a good friend, you helped me make a decision
*high five*
*champions*
totally. do you leave today?
tomorrow
dude charlie is straight swangin dawg
HAHAHA
he is entertaining
where did charlie come from?
give me him
matt gets all his animals at like shit pet stores and nurses them to health
did he get charlie as a baby?
chris keeps saying if i buy a bird as an adult that it wont learn anything nmew
tell me if that is true
in your experience
No
it isn't
because i could go buy a bird at petco after work
We have had older birds
totally
like our cockatoo
learned things we taught it
and was like 2 when we got him
same with our sun conures
thats so awesome, chris was wrong! haha
granted our others have been babies
but still
that means i can get a bird after work :D
thats where matt got his cockatiel
CHARLES
hahaha
so
i figure ill buy a petco cockatiel
and im going to leave it in the house with windowlicker playing all day
until it learns to sing it
hahahaha
HAHAHA
ii want the aphex twin version of the dubstep bird
as weird as that reads..
I get what you're saying
hahah
loool
chris has all this bird knowledge from his dad having birds
OH YEAH
and hes trying to basically discourage me getting a bird
you told me about that
haha
right
lots o birds
i think i want a cockatiel just like charlie from petco
any ideas what they cost there?
honestly no
I'll ask matt in a minute
thanks
chris is just like
i hate to say this
but do you want to go look at birds after work?
hahaha
omg hahaha
im so excited
i cant even stand it
i mean basically theyre like my leachies except they dont poop as much as adults and dont bite half as hard haha
I CAN'T BELIVE IT LEIEVE IT LIEVE IT
you're getting a bird
hahahahaha
i am!
your family has rubbed off on me!
haha
youve always had birds
i want to give him/her a cool name though
they have pied ones according to my mom
no way
im going to call and ask
i want one so bad haha
so explain to me what not to do with a bird
hahaha
ALWAYS LOOK AT IT WITH YOUR ONE BIG EYE
HAHAHAHA
i mean
how do i not kill it
i know what you mean
i hear theyre easy to kil
they are
especially if they don't have clipped wings and you have fans. Also chocolate, avocados, and several kinds of nuts can kill them. (basically dog amirite) they obviously like to explore so just make sure you're aware of where it is when you have it out of its cage. I've heard horror stories of people lying down on them or accidentally stepping on them
I'm trying to think of other things
ITS BEEN YEARS
hahahahaha
i laughed at the idea of someone LYING DOWN ona  bird
my cousin
HAHAHAHA
nuf sed
i cant breath
why is this so funny
because it just is hahaha
where can i get the cheapest cage?
I'm not ceretain of that
use google to find "nearby cages organized by price"
that's always a sure things
sometimes
hahaha
im going to search walmart
they have cages
im going to look at walmart and find the cheapest cage i can before i buy a bird
because petco is super expensive
hey how long has matt had charlie?
because hes super tame
Since Christmas I think
thats not long at all, cool
can I ask you a question?
like an "is this bad" question
hahaha
yes
Is consciously choosing not to talk to bella today
bad
like
just not doing it
what is your motive? haha
is there an obligation to talk to your significant other
because whilst thinking about it last night, I realized I'm completely not her type and it bothers me. Like I'm attracted to people with ambition and she is so obviously attracted to people with long hair who ride long boards and draw
so youre just like me haha
i also value ambition
I am -___-
a lot
this part of our dynamic is just coming to light
our relationships are similar
i can settle with the fact that chris lets me always be as ambitious as i want, financially
he supports me
RIGHT
in my decisions
I get that
I've never looked at it in terms of myself as well though
yea haha
that why i kind of was always like
i mean
i never got it
because shes not your type
you havent really been with anyone who is
haha
Because I'm an obsessive compulsive type a personality who tries to make the best of relationships because I don't value them enough to seek them out because I'm focused on something more important
think about this
we both have goals that we want to get to eventually
our significant others are supportive
yes very much so
but not as involved, and we don't like that they don't have goals like that
The question of the day:
hahahaha
IS THAT okay in a relationship?
i think its the smaller details of the situation that matter.  i know that sounds stupid but thats the stuff that will wear one you until you snap.
*on
you have to look at the things that bother you
and say, can i become more accepting of this?
are they big or small
right
Think about this
i have a serious issue with that
I confessed to you that I had a masterplan to change bellas career plan because I think a bird could do what she's doing
that's not accepting
that's cold
HAHAHAHAHAHA
PUT A BIRD ON IT
oh my fucking god
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
thats what shes studying
shes learning how and where to put birds on things
holy shit
*universe collides*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
that's so true dude
i think that maybe in some weird past life
we were twins
or something
just yesterday you were complaining about how chris dresses plain
not a big deal at all
bothersome to you
but really nothing
yea i can deal with it
haha
I can't tell if my complaints are big...like I don't think we're each other's type, I don't respect her career choices, I don't trust her for some reason
but is it worth ending a relationship over that even if it is big
want my opinion?
I know what it is because I've had friends and therapists tell me for years.
but SHOOT
ILL TAKE IT
to me
she is a background person.  shes okay.  she wont really make a difference in the world, most likely she will just kind of slide through life without much waves.
you come from something different, youve had enough experiences that you are an old soul, you are ambitious, you want to be SOMEONE, you want to make something out of your life here
make an impact
in some way
and she just doesnt care
shes very interested in things that dont matter
like making tie dyes
like somehow I'm much MUCH more mature than her
because you and i have both had these semi traumatizing childhoods
and our families are insane
and that there
is the driving force
for us
to become something better
that's very true
we both in some way or another want to change something or influence others
yes
to BE someone
because this world is so big
and these people will live and die and be nothing
its like they never existed
and don't understand how people CANT have that because we live in a huge world with infinite posibility
exactly
i dont understand it
like chris' parents
i always say to him
how is your mom still working fast food jobs
how is that an existence
i would kill myself
yeah
people work just to lead out shitty lives that go no where
I get taht
like I could just stay with bella
im working to improve my life, not to maintain mediocrity
but what is my life going to look like
exactly
like i just had to text her to remind her to fill out financial aid for school
because she doesn't havethe capacity to be responsible
which is troublesome
man
that sounds like something i would have to do for chris
actually
like I remind her once a week and it;s due TODAY
chris was supposed to usehis tax info to fill out a fafsa to go to computer tech school
and he hasnt done that
or mentioned it
-__- and it's like WHY i would be obsessing over that
i mean
you love this person
you dont want to see them amount to nothing
SO DEAD ON
sOOO
you have to kind of do things like that for them
Like I couldn't live with myself if bella amounted to nothing
this just reminded me to remind chris about applying to school haha
HAHAHA
NICE
but do you ever wonder
if he doesnt want to, i wont be mad.  all i need is for him to have SOME plan.  even if it's becoming a full time supervisor here or something, maybe a manager.  he could do that.
if forcing ambition on others is to make you feel like you reall helped them, or to save you embarrassment because your ambitious
I sometimes feel like I'm being selfish
he could totally do that
hes really good at his job
and he knows a lot that some supervisors dont
lol
which is no surprise haha
I see what you mean though
it's just the idea of having something you want to get to
It's what keeps you going through shit life
yes
exactly
i feel bad though
my dad GAVE me a car
its a shit one
but still
chris doesnt have one
so he has no motivation to drive
and cant afford his own
Ahh I see
It's small amounts of encouragement missing
like if he had a car
he would be getting his license
et ect
yes
and then he could work FT
because he could drive himself
etc
right
so dude these boots i got
ARE THEY COMFY
look like hugo boss designed them for gay naziss
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
DEAR GOD
should i make that a FB status?
hahaha
I wouldn't
hahaha
im abrasive though
haha
dude
I didn't say you wouldn't
earlier martin and erica were pressuring me to go to her stupid going away brunch
shes been here 3 years and shes leaving to tour italy and go to vegas and focus on school
and shes a bitch
and today martin was just bullying me about me saying im not going to the brunch
and i just had to tell him
i hate her, she stole my pen, shes a bitch, shes going to italy, and i want to sleep the fuck in
i dont think ive ever been so blunt
hahaha
Hahahahaha
Dude isn't there something about brunches on Portland ia
OH YEAH THE BRUNCH PLACE
Lol
yes hahahaha
brunch is like
the hippest thing
dude i dont know if youre aware
but charleston is like eastern protlandia
haha
No
Well
In a way
a redneck portland
But everyone's a DICK
A BIG SEX DICK
OMG HAHAHAHAHAHA
whaaaat hahahaha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/matthewtucker/terrifying-pictures-of-bad-fan-art-made-real
BAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
Oh no
YES HAHAHA
Hugh Laurie looks like a Grey alien
im dying laughing
hahahaha
harry styles
Justin Bieber is pretty accurate
Harry styles is so feminine
i love people's distorted faces
they make me laugh
nan
Yes thumb
Sex dick is such a funny word
That combined with these photos
it is
i laughed
hahaha
I'm dying
Shut your food mouth
I'LL SLAP YOU WITH MY TYPING HAND
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
HAAAAAA
AHAHAHA
MY TYPING HAND
dude i want my bird to say like the weirdest shit
random phrases
I'll remove your larynx and you'll never laugh again
TEACH HIM
i have decided a few beck songs that ill leave on all day while im away
that he will mimick
and some aphex twin
also
he will say
"dolla dolla bills y'all"
and
hahahahaha
"let's get lifted"
and "im so fly"
They can't talk SUPER well
They can
It's just alien ish
ive read up on it
they decide to mimick, not talk
its just noises to them
Well that's what I mean
Because they have tiny bodies
They do talk though
It just isn't the typical mimicking sounds of a larger parrot
hahahaha
tiny bodies
tiny bodies
hahahahaha
Yes
HAHAHAHA
KEEP LAUGHING
i am
stahp
hahahaha
so
chris just figured that if he went to school
he would have to wake up at like 7 5 days a week
he could still go to work too
but he said thats to early for him to function
like
OH COME ON
HAHA
he literally wont consider that committment
That's not that big of a deal
It actually works out nicely haha
it does but he wont do it
he said as a kid he would be mentally asleep most of his time in school
because he had to get up so early
his dad poured ice water on him to wake him up once
Theb go to bed earlier I suppose
and he slept through it
FALSE
That's too insane to be true
its true
Is he a heavy sleepr
yes
i wake him up every morning
Matts like that. I've poured water on him before and he started to get angry but then it dissipated as the tiredness set back in
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
IM DYING
OMG
CANT BREATH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
you should listen to beck so you can go to that concert with us
In the morning he often has aphasia
Haha
And my mom said I could
So I am gonna try to I think
yeaaaaa boiiiiiii
listen to the album
mutations
we will only listen to beck on the way there
but you need to start listening now
mellow gold
is an essential album
ESSENTIAL
what is it
OH
ESSENTIAL
yes
im telling you
its in my top 5 favprite album,s
ever
you need to learn the whole Loser rap
its easy
you knwow hat
i bet i can put manic panic on a bird
do i
yes
haha
you need to watch Drive
like, now
doing
YES THANK YOU
'drive primwire'
thnx googlz
YEZ
you will be a changed person
after this 100 minute long movie
and its soundtrack
I remember this
it looked good
i know
i had wanted to watch it forever
and just got to recently
and it's got christina hendricks who is awesome
ITS STARTING
YES
BYE
AGREED
GO
OK WAIT
HE IS A COP
no
lol
OK IM CONFUSED
EXPLAIN THE PREMIS
none of that was meant to be in caps
hes a stunt driver
I now see that
like in the past 10 seconds
yes
i was confused for then too
haha
bryan cranston is my equivalent of joseph smith
hahahaha
i believe everything he says
yes
hes the best
ryan gosling is too pretty to convincingly be someone who works in an auto body repair shop
in his jean jackets
hahahahaha
hes a pretty, pretty man
but
he plays this role so well
this soundtrack feels a little like an 80's movie
yes
im listening to it now
but modern
it's great
so right
its so good
ENJOY YOUR RARE FOWL
I got a lutino. His name is Harvey.
Dude I'm so alone drunk
TELL ME MORE
lutinos are so pretty lol
like tropical fruit or something
i think
well he has the typical "inbreeding" bald spot
for lutinos
and he is white and yellow and cute
and seems like he will be easy to tame down
YES
yeah
that's good then
he is harvey birdman, attorney at law
oh my god
or just harvey
you are awesome haha
hahaha
lololol
he doesnt have any accredited degrees
but he is certified in cuteness
double certified
thats not a thing is it
hes only single certified
because he has yet to earn his law degree
RATS
hahaha
i kept wanting to call him charlie
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
CAN HE AND CHARLIE BE FRIENDS?
I will accept the application but there are many others to consider (myself, my dog)
HAHAHAHAHA
obvi not cat
david wallas, darn you
hahaahhahahaha
amy cats name
my cats name
GOD DAMN WHORE
WHO IS AMY
hahahaha
i want my bird to talk to me
i want him to say
harveyyyyy
in a high pitch
lol
because he is hawvey
hawvey milk
THE GAY
haha
have you ever seen that movie
lololol
no i havent
dude where did you get the cage?
petsmart, its a cage and stand for like 80 dollars
i spent like 300 on this bird haha
goddamn..
haha
josh is such a dick
he says
birds are horrible fucking animals, youve made a huge mistake
he's just emotionally infantile!
hahaha
hes just angry because the only pets he has are his neigbor's cat and cellar crickets that keep him company when he sleeps
CELLAR CRICKETS
AKA SPIDERS
THAT JUMP
and ARENT DANGEROUS
HELLLLLLLLLLLLL
what are you drinking?
hahaha
I found that bourbon  in my closet from like christmas hahahahaha
my evening:
Get drunk alone and skype girlfriend on blurry internet connection
IM bestfriend about birds
BIRDS
GUESS WHAT I DID TODAY
WHAT
I PUT A BIRD ON IT, AND BY IT I MEAN MY LIFE
HAHAHAHAHAHAA
PUT A BIRD ON IT
hunter
you're dangerous aren't you
I bet you listen rap music
I literally just heard that by accidentally
pressing play
itunes opened up
hahaha
what hahahaha
Did you ever see my house when I had 12 birds?
it was more like 8
yes
i recall
and you were building a pool
you reCAW
(mccaw)
boiiii u funnee
WE OUTCHEA
(and other hip teen slang)
what bourbon did you find?
hahaha
outchea
jim beam that chris bought like near christmas hahaha. there was still like 1/3 of it left
haha
we have the kraken
but you no me, im rollin blunts
just one blunt
lol
no you're not
It's upstairs lol
I dunno
dude I love the kraken
or there is
you have a gravity bong
you ass
hahaha
i have a blunt i swear
hahaha
DONT CHALLENGE ME
I BALL SO HARD THAT SHITS CRAY
THAT SHIT CRAY
20 words white people ruinted
ruined
FUCK ASS DICK FUCK SEX ASS
i dont have to work tomorrow
thats so awesome
haha
i never get to not work
EXCEPT THIS PAST MONDY
yep haha
sundays and mondays i get to be free from corporate greed
CORPORATIONS
i work for one
i keep the world spinning
because i basically sell tickets to see members of the illuminati
imagine if someone infiltrated our systems'
and got the data
day duh
dude I'm actually too drunk to comprehend our conversation. I haven't had this much to drink in a whiz ile
it's like message by message
HAHAHA
I feel like my grandma knows. She called me and asked if I wanted to come and pick up some frozen pizzas
who the fuck asks that
a christian with powers
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
EVEN
dude
think about it though
who the fuck asks that though
WANNA COME GET SOME FROZEN PIZZAS
no wtf why
my animals all interact like some kind of weird feedback loop
it's like nature in my house haha
like happening
bird chirps
dog barks
cat attacks
you have so many animals in your house
like
i shouldnt be able to say that haha
but for a normal family you guys have always had a lot of saniimals
wtf hahaha
hm
my mom has psychological damage
she wants to save the world
HAHAHAHAHAHA
(millions of pets, nurse)
think anbout it
my grandma
is 1950s your mom
60s rather
OMG COULDNT STOP LAUGHING
at my truth beams
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
P-CHHHHHHHH
*dust settles*
I almost typed
*dust seattle*
hahahahahaha
twer team charleston just came inside
and they're dressed like native americans
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHA
godzilla
fuck
damn
dinosaur
THEY ARE SO LOUD
FUCK THEM
we need to see the new godzilla together
I WAS ENJOYING MY DRUNKEN SOLITUDE
GODA DAMN
we totally do
when does it actually come out
why
why
why
my sisters friends come
they eat ALL OF OUR FOOD
we eat ramen for a week
and shes like
MOM WHY DONT WE HAVE FOOD
oh wait
illl be gone
NOT MY PROBLEM
OWHA
hahaha
WOAH
im really high
listening to "deltron"
*delton [plays in background*
I'm really drunk let's punch our rings together
what is that
captain planet
or something
the goddamn planateers
HAHAHAHA
dude
green lantern
had a ring
it was magical
he did
and DOES
i posyed a photo
of dee baird
looks like my old bird tiki
i aim caleepsoh, dee queen of dee seayezzz
HAH
eye luh dees baird
How is the bird doing
awesome
i think its female
she does everything in the house with me
haha
I have one thing to say to that
gof or it
haha
nan
I had to quit the app to have the option to use that
hahahaha
nan
Two for one
What do you know
she has only pooped on me twice this far
What was the texture and smell like
green and white and a little runny and not much smell that im aware of
hahaha
Haha
I was super kidding
Supwr
Dude
Bella experienced an us moment today that I have to tell you about. It's worth it
Some girl in her class kept answering every question. But every time her answers was "pressure." No explanation. Just kept fucking saying it like she knew what she was talking about over and over and it didn't pertain TO ANYTHING
When does that shit happen to people other than you and I?
Like inquisitively and like excited
Every way you can say pressure apparently
i know
but i still told you
hahaha
nan
nan
That weird throbbing cat pad
Wtf
throbbing?
omg
it does throb
get it away
nooooo
nan
You know what's a GREAT word
Copulate
ew gross but yes
hahahaha
It's like "let's fuck" for business professionals
I copulated with Susan the other day yeah
No foul language necessary
HAHAHAHA
thats so true
It's more of an animal term
But whatever
HAVE YOU NOTICED ANY REPTILE COPULATION LATELY
NOT RECENTLY NO, WHICH IS SAD
I NEED THE MALES TO SEX MY FEMALES
MAKE THEM HAVE BABY
IN FORM OF EGG
FOR ME TO HATCH
nan
NYES
nan
Hand
nan
also hand
towards you
successful hand collision
score for the team
Yes it was
Oh my god hahahahah
Score for the team
Seriously hahahaha
hahahaha
im sorry
im watching new ghost adventures
AND YOU CAN TO
FOR THE LOW LOW PRICE OF
THREE CUCUMBERS PER MONTH
my favorite thing is to buy this awesome vegan chili
and taint it to hell with cheese and sour cream
nan
hey that beck show is almost sold out
you should get tickets
I'll ask my mom right now
kkkkk
What's the date and day of the week??
friday june 20th
YED
Okay
woooo
She said I could already it's just coming up with 50 bucks haha. I have to plead
lol
do plead\
please
plead
nan
hey
hey
I'm still waiting for my mom to reply. She works a 16 hour shift today and I'm afraid to get on her bad side. ALTHOUGH I DONT CARE BECAUSE I WANT TO GO
im having just an aweful day
awful
whatever
What's wrong
i just feel like a failure
my car is about to die and i have no money for another one
my business is slow and my competitors are beating me
i half feel like selling my collection and buying a car
just because im so angry with how my projects are turning out
none of them will grow or breed or lay good eggs
damn
well
hm
I'm sorry
I don't have an answer for such a specific deal there
I usually try to at least assist with problems
i just feel like
i do fucking everything
and i cannot succeed
and chris is just kind of dragging behind
i had to yell at him like 3 times to wake him up this morning
well sometimes it takes a very long time to succeed at anything
also chris has settled for mediocrity and he's fine with that. You just have to be fine with it for now dude
but my first statement
very true
You've finally found what you enjoy doing
try not to get discouraged
even though you have every reason to be
im just depressed
and in debt
and poor
honestly i feel like id be doing better off in my mom's basement right now
yeah dude
I dunno
I have to go unfortunately rnow
later
feelin any better
no
i feel like shit
: (
I wish that I could do something
says everyone
not really
jsut you and chris
it's true
If I could think of a solution I would not hide it from you
I don't know what I worded that so weird
i just
feel like a failure
i dont know what im supposed to do about my car issue
or the shitty house i live in, where the neighbors egg my car in the dead of winter
or my job, that i hate
Your car issue is something that can be really bad possibly
If you want to focus on real problems, and not the "grand scheme of it all" focus on that. You said it died right?
not yet
but its getting there
well lets be realistic. Is there anything you have that you could sell in order to help cover the difference of at least getting some problems with it fixed?
yes of course
but it would be detrimental to my projects
How big of a hit could your projects take? Would one loss be too much overall?
well the problem is that selling stuff is not easy
and i would have to sell a lot of stuff in order to have enough for a new car
probably all of my things
im afraid to go get anything on my car fixed because its not even really worth it, my car is so junky
I see where you're coming from
you seem to be between a rock and a hard place
i want to die
if your car wasn't messed up a lot of this would be fixed
erg
It's not that bad
It's bad but it's not the end of the world
what if my car just crashes into something one day
i mean, i dont know how or when it will break
i havent been able to even leave my desk today
ive missed a break and my llunch
because im a mess
My library just caught on fire while I was studying apparently
wat.
Fire men were all up in there everyone was evacuated
lol
all up in therfe
I think it's taken care of
it was getting hot in there
IN THIS PIECE
but everyone let their clothes remain on
BE CAUSE THEY WANTED TO BURN FROM HIP HOP #DANCE
hahaha
i feel slightly better
Let us hip hop dance in celebration
Like nelly
i like pharrell's new song
happy
its danceable
Dude me too lol
i think hes the head of the illuminati, he has to be
makin errybody so happy together
like
we see through you bro
WITH CHIPS IN OUR SKIN
EW EW EW
haha
Potato chips
PUNNNNNCHHH
...*crunch*.....

So delicious
did you like
punch through a man made of a bag
and filled with chips?
A man made of a bag hahahahahha
hahahaha
THAT'S JUST A BAG
no
hes a man
hes large
HAHA
nan
Like thumb
man
i just need to stay in like
that get money frame of mind
where, you cant be sad if youre getting paper
so
i need to stop being sad
and start getting paper
exactly
and I need to be in that "me breathing is probably costing money borrowed by the minute" state of mind
NOPE I DONT
IM ALREADY IN THAT AND I HATE IT
stay out of there
thats a bad place to go
stay away
haha
man when youre a doctor, youll be able to pay back all your loans at once haha
bella hates the sound of paper rubbing against skin
I can't name that sound
like
ummm
i can't imagine it
hmmmm
i dont know
I know how it feels
thats weird
such *pleasure*
and dude I wish it was that easy
after I graduate from school, I'll be making 30,000 per year for about 6 years
and then HOPEFULLY I'll get a pay increase that's that substantial
how do you already know what youll be making?
thats good money
thats like chris and me combined, as for what we make a year
not for paying back 200,000 in loans
hahaha
and possibly having people to support
I will be the banks bitch
dont support any people
dont do it
hahaha
I know because that's how much roughly, they pay medical residents out of school, and you have that position for like 5 or 6 years.
DONT SUPPORT OTHERS
WHAT ABOUT A CAT
you can support the cat lol
what about the hair that I've taken and I'm going to use to clone david wallace
(shhhh)
AHAHAHA
WE HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY
HAHAHA
WE CAN REBUILD
I'm also not kidding
im laughing
I plan on doing this until I die
and my dog
I WONT LOSE ANYONE ELSE FROM MY LIFE HUNTER
(pathetic tear wiped away by the lick of a small dog)
i could give you some hair clippings to put in a vial until my day of reckoning is at hand
and when they die I can have them stuffed and they can befriend their old bodies
HAHA
hahaha
thats genius
YOUR DAY OF RECKONING
by then we'll have god powers right?
reannimation?
constant cloning
and bringing the dead back to life
a horrifying fun house of animal
lolz
thank you for making me feel better
chris was trying to no avail
josh just does this thing where he's like "youre too young to kill yourself, stop feeling bad"
and he is no help, ever
obviously
haha
you need humor
because you can't control laughing
if you're forced to laugh
all is well
that is so simple and true
i was talking to josh about it, and i said "you shouldnt understand", and he was confused
and i told him that you are the only person who should understand the levels of my issues
and he kind of got pissed
but, it's true
He's pissed because he's known you about a year and someone who's known you like 16 years knows you better
NON SENSE SICLE
i didnt want to straight up tell him that but i almost did
haha
HAHA
he's stubborn and a "BIT" childish
hes like, blah blah theres no point in trying to feel better, just accept your shitty life and youll be fine
and i was like
no, thats bullshit
like you josh
haha
wanna talk about ur ex er somtin
HAHAHA
unhleathy is what that is
cant stop laughing
hahaha
eventually i was just like, look, this isnt working
and he got all huffy that he couldnt make me feel better
with his sad tales of suffering and "finding inner peace"
"you can choose the way you feel"
NO I CANT JOSH THATS WHY I HAVE BPD
i was like, i cant even get up to go to lunch right now
thats how little control i have
i was just sobbing
he's tom cruise
"psychiatry is a sham you bipolar bitch"
he's the scientologist right?
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
YOU CONTROL YOUR FEELINGS
NO GOD
OR DOCTORRRRRRR
HAHAHA
OR PILLL
cant stop laughing
cant
stop
dude
go on josh's page and read this huge fight he got into
with a christian friend
ill link you
hahaha
dammit it wont let me, just go look
march 14th
"STOP PERSECUTING ME"
lol
it's no longer there
BUT HE JUST LIKED MY LINK
which link?
haha
....the one about this discovery they made in physics today regarding the big bang....
LOL
hahaha
that "like" was actually him sAYING
oh boy
"look im smart i know things"
HAHAHAHA
whether he read the article or not
his name is associated with it on facebook
yes
now im thinking
maybe he wants you to like him
because of me
otherwise, he would not care
probably
he's liked a couple of my things on tumblr
subtly
every one and a while
"lord mcbayne liked this"
or "josh beane likes your link"
thats only been twice
hahaha
i forgot i had a tumblr
I do sometimes
and then they email me
so I browse through
ah the emailssss
i just want to go home right now
this is a dead end job
i just see myself sitting at this desk in another year
maybe even another
who knows
oh my god
I'm sorry to get off that
but
For every human on Earth there are approximately 1.6 million ants. The total weight of all those ants is approximately the same as the total weight of all the humans on Earth.
OH BUZZFEED WHY
hahaha
buzzfeed is the best man
just accept it
I'm reading 76 facts that seem fake but are TRUE
hahahahah
i read some of those
lol
dog food lid backwards is dildo of God.
OMG
IT IS
BIG BROTHER
COME AND GET ME NOW
WE KNOW YOUR SECRETSSSS
ssss
s
*ssssssssssssss fading softly*
"fin"
THE CROWD GOES WILD
hahahahaa
what the fuck are we
what was that
*roar of crowd, fades out, turns into high pitched ringing in nervous athelete's ears*
athlete
dammit
hahaha
I HATE WHEN THAT HAPPENS
*approaches barrista to collect drink*
(Thanks a-latt!) 
Together we *dance* in celebration#
put "That" in your pipe and smoke# that!
#smoke
#that
#soulja
work is the worst
get me outta here
I bet
*beam*
i just want to go home to my bird and my bong
man
thats not so much to ask
haha
it's not
only one hour left of this
yayyyy
then i get to come back tomorrow
woot
did steve irwin actually say that
hahahaha
i believe so lol
it seems like one of those fake lil wayne quotes that some preteen girl made
but it also seems real
haha
HAHA
so I didn't know
"the people who hurt you most are not the ones youre supposed to love, its the ones that you still love after you hurt them that are the ride or die bitches" -notorious B I G
omg
hahahahahahahahah
yes
hahahaha
so chris' manager
or, supe
wants him to bring our lizards to his kid's bday party
hahaha
haha
dude
thats funny slash awesome
i mean/
haha
*little photo of Slash's head*
*kiss*
hahahahahaha why
looool
*now kith*
** can mean so much
an action
the thought of somethings existence
i know, its only funny if you can imagine it in your head and laugh
so
the best way to tell a joke
right
haha
is by using
it is
CREATIVE JUICE
*forces imagery unto you*
**
IMAGERY
is there any chance I left my glasses at your house? I absolutely can't find them lol
I don't think so but I can look
thanks
Fo sho
http://www.buzzfeed.com/ryanhatesthis/here-are-6-perfect-snapchats-to-send-to-someone-whos-complet
dear god
hahahahahahhahaa
that is WONDERFUL
lololol
i know hahahaha
the tears
are so funny
because the look like tentacles
ALL THESE GAMES
like how pitiful they are makes it so funny
and you had to play ME
hahaha
hahaha
the humor that we find in things, i keep noticing, no one else understands
like literally not one person haha
really?
lol
yes
i send chris and josh things
and the parts i find funny, they just dont
chris doesnt get any of it
haha
i showed josh a sample of *hunter showing michael how she showed josh how hunter and michael use imagery in their conversations*
damn
haha
I feel that pain
it was the potato bag man
HAHAHHA
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHaHAHAHAHAHA
fuck
what was it
I wanna go an read that
go read it
hahaha
let us hip hop dance in celebration
....like nelly
*hip dancing*
*electric slide*
*clap clap*
*sliiiiiide to the left*
*hops twice*
*slides to the right*
*REVERSEREVERSE*
*DUN DUN DUN*
*DUN*
im laughing at my desk
llike an idiot again
*cha cha real smooth*
*NOW SHAKE THEM DREADS*
*continue laughing*
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
IMD YINGF
im dying
hahahahaha
*mom's spaghetti*
*spaghetti's ready*
i'm the spaghetti #yeti
*loses spaghetti all over*
your moms confetti#
aqctually im looking up an eminem presale code
so stop
its hammer time
"DELICIOSO" *dora voice*
*moonwalks into the internet to find information*
SUCCESS CHAMPION
*fresh handshake*
i cant stop laughing
I can because I'm not in public
the attention seeking side of me can't stop laughing at our jokes when no one is looking
i HATE EEE EEE it
i just feel like people walk by my desk
hahaha
and just look at me
hahahaha
here we go
yep
I bet they do
you old bag of bones
i live in The Office btw
hahahahahaha
I know
you want to hear funny stories about the pffice life?
office psh
yes
so we got this new guy
he looks 18
hes 28
AND
and wheres the same 2 t shirts, one of which says team k-mart.  we werent sure if he was being ironic or just really poor for awhile.  turns out hes really poor.  but, he went up to barrett and was like HCECK OUT THESE NEW JEANS FROM KMART, DOY OU LIKE THEM?
hahaha
*wears
oh my god
hahahahahhaa
he actually loves kmart
also
and who the fuck says that
he smells weird
CHECK OUT THESE NEW JEANS FROM KMART
hahhaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
the cherry on top
listen
listen
shhhh
okay so
shut ass
barrett says they were IMing, and he spelled habit as "habbit", and barrett had to correct him.  barrett also had to tell him that "ment" is actually spelled "meant", twice.
dear god
that's pitiful
i know dude
days like #these, with that kind of info, makes me wonder if #god us even watching our asses and feet
HAHA
i am addicted to #butterfingers
GREAT
i already have #eaten #one #today
They are so crsip and satisfying
i may #require one #more
flesh!
HAHAHAHA
*FLESH*
righteous!
freaky fresh
like the turtles of wallaby way
omg
hahaha
finding dory
so stoked
ellen is so excited about that movie.  her and a handful of toddlers.
hahahahahaha
AND ME
omg
omg
omg
im laughing so hard
what ass
https://www.facebook.com/SanatoriumHospice/photos/a.480175548661859.117533.480169731995774/789614807717930/?type=1&theater
cant stop laughing
i can't
omg
stio
help
actually lauighing
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
im crying
and laughing
is that a goddamned life a lert comeerical
let the bodies hit the floor
hahahaha
that should be their song
*whispers* "let the bodies hit the ___"
*screamos* "FLAAAWWWWRRRRR"
*cigarette cough*
so \m/
im dying for real
https://www.facebook.com/SanatoriumHospice/photos/a.480175548661859.117533.480169731995774/789615877717823/?type=1&theater
gtg
Primordial dwarves!
bai
also I see him
about 6:30
no
closer to 8
my clock directions are BAD like most teens.
BYE
clock directions hahaha
http://imgur.com/gallery/izG0osE
Cannot click now
i now, iz for later
nan
hurry up and be done with whatever
im boreedddd
nan
I slowly smiled when I saw it
like I didn't laughed
not one laughed.
just a slow, eerie smile
like
yes, I know doctor. You need those likes
hahahaha
deja vu
its like i was here yesterday
*pets abdomen*
how about that
lol
HAHA
I'm so weird
but I'm the fresh prince of bel air
wicky wicky wack
i need to get more interest in my reptile show
and i dont know how to do that
hm
i would hang up flyers here
do you think people would travel out of town
lol
people did for the last show, reptile people often take mini vacations for shows
WELLL
the ohio people especially
then I'll do that
the plain folk love two things:
Lizards, and skylines that look like weird farm erections
HAHA
farm erections
come on
hahahaha
hahahaha
but pretty please print some out and post them around
I'm just being "straight up"
put them where young people would be
lol
I'll scavenge the halls this weekend with my assistant, dobby
thank you
give him some treats for me
okay
so anyway
I'll hang them up
haha
THEY WILL BE BLACK AND WHITE
(but that's okay, said hunter)
yes thats what i said
i did say that
say it i did
okay
so now that we've established that you're a master of the english language
that i am
thank you for acknowledging that
because it's 100% true
is it bad if i want a vaction from my life?
vacation
No
Everyone wants that
Life is never good
Lol
like, if i could just stay with someone else, or by myself somewhere, for a few days, and do what i want, and see no one that i know
I know what you mean
that would be my fucking dream
im just getting more and more irritated at chris being irresponsibile
he had all this stuff he was supposed to do today
and then a lady says she can sell us a washer, so i make sure he can pick it up
and he says that im ruining this evening's plans, and im like, what are your plans?
and his plans are that he didnt do anything i asked and was planning to do it all before i came home
like I FUCKING WISH I COULD BE THAT CAREFREE
Wow
I truly like chris
But after all the stuff you tell me
It's damn hard to respect him
i want to respect him too!
he is giving me no option to respect him
what is there to respect?
once you get past the part about him dealing with me and on occasion my mom
thats about it right now, because i am genuinely upset about this
He won't give the slightest bit of effort
In a anything
I don't get it
He's like a 17 year old in a way
should i have another talk with him?
will that even help?
Yeah
It's worth a try
i am trying so hard to not get "bored" with this relationship, it's the longest one ive ever been in, but it's like hes not trying AT ALL
I see
its like the mor eupset and unhappy i become
the less he tries to make me happy
he doesnt buy me anything
i still try to get him gifts whenever possible
like those hsoes and socks i got him, that he loved
shoes
the last gift he bought me
actually, i couldnt tell you what it was
because i have no idea
he doesnt write me notes or anything anymore
wow...
its like i have a room mate that i have sex with sometimes and we just smoke weed and fight about who should do the chores
and i have to treat him like hes a kid and im the adult
i sincerely dont know what to do
tell him what you just told me
lol
that's super harsh and real
he needs that
well ill tell him whwnever hes done rushing to finish whatever it is he's doing that he totally put off earlier
out of all our animals, i take care of ALL of them
except for like 10
which is a small fraction
exactly
like 1/8th
so im talking to him now
which may or may not help
my jehova guide thee in quest
hahaha
hes like, youre very picky, i cant buy anything for you
so i explained how i searched the entire store for the plainest shoes i could find
that's not the point
It's ALWAYS the gesture
I KNOW
I've purcahsed cheap ass SHIT for bella that shes HATED
but I tried
it's the act of not trying that's incorrect
not getting a shitty gift
yea i know
i dont know, i feel like im talking to a brick wall
or like, my brother or something
*cringes*
*oh the flesh ouch*
hahaha
hes just like, i dont know what to do, i feel powerless
he still sounds depressed
I suggest: going outside
he spends so much time in I feel like it effects his affect
LOL
hahaha
see what I did
SEE IT
martin is just like, if you guys break up i call next
right after he asked me TWICE if id have a three way with him and his gf
jesus
people
no one is good on this earth
I'm going to new earth
(no not that one)
HAHAHA
well then
specify which new earth
this one
in another dimension
*LSD-ing*
HAHA
now that's fresh!
funky fresh yo
mondo dweeboid
dear elohim
chris is so lost
hes just like, so basically all i can do is buy you something
i wonder if hes on the spectrum? like, being completely serious.
he doesn't get that there's more to it
i think hes got some mental issues man
he like
I can't tell if I'm female or just an adequate partner
hahaha
I think hopefully the latter
doesnt like scary movies, because none of them do ANYTHING for him
he hates movies that have a good plot and feelings
no one has those feelings
if they do
They're like autistic. Usually, people just PRETEND those things and those people are messed up
he feels so LITTLE of the emotinoal spectrum
Can he understand the emotions of others very well? like can he tell when you're upset without you saying anything? ect
not always
See a lot of his issues could be attributed to STRAIGHT clinical depression.
All of them could
but
if he's not depressed there could be some weird underlying developmental problem
like how he doesn't get social cues, emotions, ect very easily
i said he doesnt like any fo the art i do
and he said he doesnt like things that make him feel sad
which i guess i cant understand
I mean I don't like sadness
"
I've never understood why people want to be sad or afraid."
but If a sad movie makes me feel sad in a good way
I'd like it
dude he was hardcore abused and neglected as a kid. You told me he had it rough right?
Like it's hard to rationalize someone
who's just had a rough life
he was never like sexually abused
abuse doesn't mean sex
but he grew up in a weirdly unprotected home
it can mean emotioanl
physical
yeah
I mean hearing about his parents I imagine his childhood was weird
yes
very
he had sex at 14 i think
he grew up very fast
and that was forced on him
yeah that's not normal
small things like that can have a huge effect on people
i think he thinks im trying to break up with him or something
im really not
make sure he knows that
yeah
I mean
he's obviously fragile
but he's in an adult relationship now
something has to really change
whether it's his behavior, or mental status
something
yes
something does
he says he'll change something
it's like explaining to someone with borderline that they have BPD. it's the most unwilling mental illness there is.  Explaining to chris what exactly is wrong and why it's wrong is going to be seemingly impossible if he didn't learn what normal right and wrong were. Even though they were fucked up, the both of us had relationships to model in a way.
but that doesnt mean anything
Like we saw adults and knew how to behave
especially in relationships
I take it chris didn't
yea we luckily were able to see some normal people
yeah
I mean as crazy and fucked as our families our, our childhoods were normal enough
sure, we were very fortunate to only be emotionally abused and manipulated
I mean if you put it like that
haha
tell him this next time he doesn't listen to what you're truly saying:
"Hey buddy, my eyes are up here *gestures to eye shelf with ivory cane*"
(copies from funny online accounts)
HAHA
weirdo
"There was only one set of footprints because my delicate hooves leave nary a mark."
im trying to have a talk with him right now
and hes so emotionally retarded
yeah
HAHA
he cannot contribute to the conversation
dude he's depressed
i want him to say something to help
I'm telling you
people with like
what seems like
"no soul"
are more depressed than you can imagine
yea
which is worse than sad
i kind of see that
I'd rather be sad and want to die than just find no pleasure in life at all. completely flat
thats how he is
he is just
flat
nothing excites him
it's like, he'll agree with me about something
but he is never like YEA LETS DO THAT
flat affect: DEPRESSION
but how would we even solve this with him
I say we
exactly my point
because that's how it is
haha
not you
WE
"Motion to call e-cigarette smokers "vapists" from now on."
*motion accepted*
HAHAHA
SUCH DELIGHT
lololz
it passes in a landslide
much delight, wow
*Dance*
*wow such dance, bright lights, many sparkle*
*dub-stepping*
*dougies*
(what an idiot can't dance rite)
hahaha
the dougie
was just an example
of how far we have sunk
from our pinnacle of human creation haha
hahahahahaah
TEACH ME TEACH ME HOW TO DOUGIE
i wish i could child
but i lack the knowledge
I was just thinking
Obviously it's cool to meet sex-partners at the disco even if my primary focus is dance
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BAHAHAHA
LOOOOOL
le discotque
teque
lol
"I am the one who rocks," I told my terrified wife, as I tore off my coveralls, revealing a body covered in Red Hot Chili Peppers stickers.
we enter the discotheque
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
THE IMAGERY
is too good
HAHAHA
right
but now i feel kind of like shit, like im going to go home and chris is going to be so upset that hes puking or something
ive only seen him cry i think twice
ugh
well
My advice is to be REALLY up front with him
like yell if he doesn't get it
there's nothing you can do about him bein sad
i remember the first time, he was crying because he was upset that he left his gf and her family (for me), and i just sat there and held him, even though he was crying because of me
wow
I'm not sure how to respond to that much emotion
and then he cried when he found out i cuddled with shayn
which sounds stupid when i say it
hahaha
it does
but I know whatyou mean
but i basically told him about it
and I
REALLY forgot about that
so hard
really
HAHA
i forget about it all the time
the only reason i remembered was probably because chris cried
and that never happens
Here's something chris told me which may explain everything
"Maybe I'd bother with cologne if my natural scent didn't make even elderly women violently ovulate."
....explain, im severely confused
(he didn't say that)
hahahaha
okay because any of that coming from him is confusing
hahahaha
you fucked
it's healthy to cry
you set me up
I did
hahaha
I did not fuck though
i meant *fucker
duhg
DAMMIT
ok
this is so wonderful
I have to share it with you
"Although fitness is a higher priority to me than your average Olympian, I eschew the pageantry & honor my body privately in the forest."
...WHAT
HAHAHA
hahahahaha
wait
did a god say that?!
yes
in a sense
i go home in like half an hour
yeah I know
total
maybe ill walk in and the house will be cleaned and there will be food for me
lol
that would be nice
or some total
it would never happen though, because in order for chris to RECOGNIZE that something needs to be done, i have to ask him to do it
he shaves his face above the sink and gets beard hair all over it, and i have cleaned that sink im almost positive 100% of the time since we moved in there
what would he do
hypothetically
if you weren't there
like, what does he do all day at home?
no
like
oh like how would he take care of himself
yes
well
could he even function?
does he simply . depend on you?
he would probably live in filth with only disposable silverware and he would re-wear his clothes until they fell apart
was that how he was before you?
before me, he lived with some other girl who im assuming did the work in the house
i mean, ive seen the way his parents live
and he grew up with them
so his standards are LOW
hm ok I see
i told him earlier i want pasta for dinner, when he asked
and i have to remind him
because i know if i dont, i will have to help make dinner
:/
and you know what
i have suspected this entire time that chris is monitoring all of my conversations
i dont know that for a fact
but he can watch whatever he wants
i have to give him all my passwords
or he loses his mind
i mean maybe that would inspire him to do something you want
OK
THAT IS NOT HEALTHY BEHAVIOR
DON'T DO THAT
but the reason i do it
is because at the beginning of our relationship he flirted with all kinds of girls and when id log nto his FB he would change his password
so eventually he threw a huge fit, deleted his FB, started a new one with a fucking alias, and gave me the password
and now he wants all of my passwords
and if i change one he figures it out
I still don't see how that's justified
and it's fucking pathetic that he sits there logging into your shit
come on
Like a minute ago it was different
but now it's like
He just sits and obssesses over you
he only does it when he "feels like something is up["
all day
no
no
no
no
i dont know that he watches me all day
he should TALK TO YOU
when he feels something is up
does he think he's your superior
or some shit
I'LL MONITOR YOUR CONVERSATIONS WHEN THINGS SEEM FISHY
never okay
(just my opinion)
(my loud opinion)
haha
like, im sure he thinks im going to run away to wherever with josh in his twisted nightmare fantasy
I used to log in to my girlfriends accounts when I was in high school because it was cute to share passwords lololol
never maniacally
but IT HAPPENED
the tighter his grip on me becomes, the less i can breath
and i just feel trapped
dude that's so unhealthy in a relationship
I would be constantly thinking "is he watching now?"
"should I take that into consideration and be weary of his feelings?"
he is the NRA
NSA
close enough
hahahaha
I meant NSA
i know
hahaha
I am the NRA
oh lawd
*shoots and kills 20 dogs*
HAHAHAHAHA
but
(so YUM)
i dont think he even reads my josh messages anymore, because his thought process is "hunter thinks im going to read these messages so she wont do/say anything that would upset me"
so instead of reading those
i think he reads the ones i send you
because i would be less weary of that
I mean if he actually reads them one of two things could happen
He could turn it around and do things , or just be depressed all of the time and feel inadequate
I'm kinda feeling that he reads more of our conversations than you think
all he does is choose to be depressed and feel bad
yeah
why do you think that?
because you've recently (like months) spoken about how he's so flat and to me seems depressed
like
im sure he isnt readin right now, surely he would have become embarrassed after i called him out
if I read things that bella said to her friends about me
I would  be constantly upset
I did it once
and wanted to DIE
so I never did it again
he always said to me, why do you read my FB messages?  whenever he would be flirting with other girls and i would get upset.  he would tell me, i dont read yours because i dont want to be disappointed, so dont read mine.
he used to be so different
what changed
something did
that's a good point
something like died inside him
i dont know if my mom broke him
or if my BPD did it
or somehow it was josh
it was probably josh
yesterday he insinuated that if josh hadnt blown me off when i went after him (for like 10 seconds) that i absolutely would have had sex with him
and that was kind of hurtful
I've put bella in situations like that. But a year later realized how untrue my accusations were.
im sorry but i just feel like the josh thing should have upset him, he shouldve gotten over it, and life should have just kept on rolling
but it likes he never got over it
or something
i dont know
I've done something similar
I had to go to therapy
That's how I got over it
The situation was similar in a way
I had to go out with friends
And be more social
As like part of treatmnet
i feel like i need to tell chris to do this stuff
but im also afraid that hes reading this right now and waiting for me to just repeat to him what hes already seen
which, if thats the case, if eel insulted and violated
Which you shouod
That's not okay
now i feel kind of shitty because i was saying earlier that i wanted a butterfinger, and i ate two of them, and then i guess chris actually bought me a butterfinger
N9
No
i guess ill eat it later but 3 butterfingers seems excessive
What are you talking about
well
i ate 2 of them at work
not just one
hahaha
Two butteefongers?
omg lololol
Okay?
butteefongers
come onnnn mannn
hahaha
My chat is fucking u0
P
hahaha
well i guess i should go home
ill catch you later
homie
I just choked on a drink
butteefongers
I can't breathe
you just read that?
hahahaha
im going home, later
bye
http://oldpeoplefacebook.tumblr.com/page/2
enjoy
hello
you are right in time
to fill my vaste space of boredom
with words
vast
it's because of my #powers
or #powders
hahaha
magic powder
i know a guy
not really though
i know no one
so, every thursday josh leaves at 5 and i stay until 7:30
Not in this flesh world
and i usually ask him to hang out
well that's true
in this flesh world
i didnt ask today
and i assumed he would just come get me or something
and he didnt
am i that lame?
no
that's basic human behaiovr
like
someone asks you to do something
OVER and OVER
if one day they don't ask
you should still be ineterested
I say "thats basic human behavior" as if it's a science.
Its seriously
just being human
haha
well like
USE YOUR BRAIN JOSH
the one time, he came over here and i wasnt at my desk, and he had sent me on gmail "break?"
like, he seeked me out for that
maybe he was busy today
but this time, i was talking to him on gmail and he didnt seem super intrerested, stopped talking to me, and just left
and maybs you're over thinking it
maybe he was just tired
he's usually not one to inform you of everything
he's like a shadow creature
right, i didnt want to ask him because if he doesnt want to do something he usually will lie about why
and i didnt want to make him lie to me
but i just expected that he would maybe say something
but he just bounced
and chris is gone too
that's super weird
but not atypical for josh
who is weird
so i guess thats why im upset, he knows hes the only one here today that i talk to
CONNECTIONS#
i think that maybe
i should stop talking to him
and see what happens
but i dont think i can
i just get so bored and chris doesnt care
you shouldn't if it's gonna make you bored
NO EXPERIMENT IS WORTH THAT
i mean, ive done it before because i thought he was being pissy with me, for like 3 days, and i finally got too bored and just told him that i thought he was mad at me, and he was like, nope
lol
i dont know i just was looking forward to some human interaction D:
I don't much like that
human interaction blows
It's DIFFICULT
and I don't want anyone else to have it or get pleasure from it
This is the way I live
I internet you
that's easy
hahaha
internetting
is pretty okay
but i do it all day long
I know
I know
being honest though, i feel kind of "dissed" right now
and im upset
hes the only person here that i dont dislike being around
and he just blew me off
I mean
you're over thinking it
He probably didn't
you're just mad
so you wanna say that he did
lol
im not mad, im hurt
I'm not trying to be mean
and i made a point to talk to him about an hour before he left, so he wouldnt forget that im his friend and that we hang out sometimes
I forget that verbal commitments are important to girls
sometimes I forget you're a girl also
because we internet
and you aren't annoying
Like most girls I know
it wasnt really verbal, we didnt talk about it, it was assumed based on past behaviors
THAT YOU VERBALED
that aint word
hahaha
yes
that i verbaled
now i just feel depressed
Im sorry
;/
:/
I hate this ;/
like
a winking sigh
but i cant even say anything to him
because he would be like, we never talked about it
or "why do you care?"
Why is that?
Oh I see
YEah
that tends to be his personality right?
eh usually
hes not mean
he's blunt
and if i try to say something without just saying it
I think he just likes to get a rise out of you
hes like, stop bullshitting around it and just say it
He's just doing that
I swear
haha
Or he's just got poor social skills
i feel abandoned =/
i know thats just my BPD
but when someone abandones me its like the worst feeling int he world
like my stomach just drops
instant sadness
I know
I know
You know what the best treatment for BPD is?
Talk therapy
Which is just talking incesively
about everything
which we do constantly
haha
i mean thats basically what i need
and it works better over the internet
oh internets
because in person i would just cry too much to even talk
i feel bad because josh says i talk too much
he also said im quiet
but
he says i just go on about things
and he HATES it
he made sure to tell me that part
and he said
"i cant give you all of my attention all of the time"
He's just trying to set up a boundary
I think
He doesn't want things to get weird
He is such a flip flopper
which was weird
that is weird
i dont know, i think i try to treat him
omg
this is it
discovered it
i feel abandoned
because hes like my therapist in many ways
and i need to talk to feel better
and he doesnt like when i talk a lot
so i feel guilty about it
that's so stupid
I'm gonna be honest with you. I liked hanging out with you and josh, I respect that he's your friend, but I will never truly like him like I'd like to. Not because I think something will happen between the two of you, he's just got a dreadful personality. I think your drawn to that in a way. It makes him interesting
well yes we knew all of this already, this isnt news haha
I TRIED
it's just
you tell me things that he says to you
and I'm like
he's 36
he shouldn't be such a dick
or a child
he should have conversations with you
without acting 17
it drives me
*NUTS*
*GO*
i feel just wrong in every way for even caring
but i have this addictive personality and i have to cling to people
im also masochistic
obviously
i just worry that he takes up too much of my life compared to how much of his i take up
i guess
yeah or you wouldn't be friends with a dick
well
If you worry about that
adjust it accordingly
level out the friendship
so it doesn't get weird
like he can't offend you at all
because it's not lob sided
i felt like it was pretty even sided
"i just worry that he takes up too much of my life compared to how much of his i take up"
but then he started talking about all these other girls that he talks to on a daily basis im assuming
If you worry that it's prbably true
so really, maybe im just some girl
I Don't believe him
no other girl would be interested in talking to him
you are more to that than him
I mean
You are more to him than that
DAMN
semantics
I know he values your friendship
and I know I'm being constructive and condescending all at once
and I LOVE it
i feel like secretly i know that he values me as a person a lot
but he would never want me to know that
so therefor, i have no clue
exactly
you have to know it
but he's one of those people you just have to "know it"
he's too emotionally infantile to admit it
(OLD VIRGIN)
hahaha
i mean
i dont know
i dont know anymore, hes become a constant in my life
any person who can be a constant in my life, i grab onto
because im afraid of everyone leaving me
he is
you have to break away from that
that's a tough way to be
I have a bunch of really distant friends that I see quarterly
but mostly I'm alone
I'm not telling you that alone is better
but it's easier
It's probably not as healthy
but you should learn to not idealize people as much I guess
i guess i should just start expecting to be abandoned and let down
no
don't do that
just expect less of people
expecting less of josh
would be the same as expecting nothing
then expect nothing from him
if he's not a reliable friend
accept taht
that
he's a friend, but he's not easy
but he's stilla friend
hes reliable
but, in different ways
he didnt actually blow me off, im just sensitive
I know
this whole situation is kind of based on a notion
plus when we got that huge snow, he drove to have lunch with me when they were yelling at him to come into work
but you can still be mad
right
so he's a good friend
just not as consistent as you'd like
i dont know if hes doing that on purpose, maybe hes sadistic in some way
(big baby)
maybe he is
Who knows
either way
he's your friend no matter how he behaves
I suppose
so you just have to learn to adapt to his annoying sides
when i am upset with josh, i am noticing that i lose my other enormous appetite
i guess thats just when im upset ingeneral
so nevermind
hm
i got upset today about my geckos
and i just wanted to smash all of them
its like theyre mocking me
like "look how beautiful and expensive we are, but we refuse to eat or breed for you mwahaha!"
wow
haha
that's colorful
I'm sorry
http://www.buzzfeed.com/lyapalater/this-girl-just-perfected-mom-trolling?bffb
i mean im crying about it
DEAR GOD
its just
yeah
erm
i need this business to grow
not stall
totally
that's completely true
and its very very upsetting that my competition has like 20 eggs
and i have 2
they wont eat the diet i make them
i keep trying commercial diets and they dont really work
i may have to just choose a diet, start feeding it, and let them either eat or starve
that might be your best bet
because im about to rip out my hair trying to get them to just EXIST CORRECTLY
maybe consistency would force them to eat
like
they eat
or die
that buzz feed link
will help
I promise
which one?
I just sent it
http://www.buzzfeed.com/lyapalater/this-girl-just-perfected-mom-trolling?bffb
IT's something I would do
oh yes
i love that link
i was reading that earlier and laughing
mom
acid
hahaha
bring down your acid
do you have any acid
what the hell acid
acid
acid
acid
I swear I'm typing acid
HAHA
damn
i feel miserable
i keep doing these talk sessions with you
and they do help some, this is true
but like right now, im strill upset
good
well yea
you can't fix upset so easily
sometimes
you're just upset
i feel like a failure for having to go back to powdered diets for my animals because im not good enough at making them food
you probably are
they probably just don't like it anymore
can you think of a better reason for them not eating than you failing?
I bet you can
i didnt make it the way they like
thats the only reason
the other reasons would be environment related, meaning i dont house them properly
so im hoping they just think the food is shit
The only way you could know that is if they told you that's not the way they like it, and they can't talk.
Maybe they would just like something else
im getting like nauseous thinking about having to re-buy all these fucking diets and mix and match and hope that one day ill find a food that every one of them will eat
because every other fucking breeder has geckos that eat like pigs
except for me
my competition bred a gecko and raised it to adulthood in one year
my biggest hatchling is 4 grams
thats like, tiny.
hm
What could be going wrong?
other than "you failing with the food"
im just shitty at my job
like what realistic things could that be
Okay, say you are. Specifically, how?
i cannot break down HOW i am a faqilure
or i will have to go to my car and cry
because you aren't
Let's talk about the food
What do you think is up really?
what do other people use?
they use all of this other shit that i have tried that didnt work
could it be temperature? or something environmental?
maybe, i couldnt know
it shouldnt be
Maybe double check everything and see if that helps
make sure there's nothing environmental that could be stopping them from eating
or maybe biological. A lot of animals eat less during times when they plan to mate.
i know all of this
I know you do
i have two geckos in partcular that are starving themselves
and losing weight
that's why you should double check
ok
well
hm
try just watching them really closely and seeing if they behave funnny or anything. Something could be irritating them, or god forbid they could actually be sick or something right?
You have to realize
one of them might be sick, i paid 500 dollars for it and had it shipped to me from washington.  it got here a couple of days ago and looks to be dying.
sometimes bad things happen without you being at fault
hm
well what can you actually do about that?
nothing
try to help it
but thats it
the best thing to do for an over stressed reptile is to just leave it be
then maybe provide what you can
and do just that
and wait.
?
thats all i can do
yeah
If I sent you two things would you take them seriously?
i can try
lol
It's just two little pages of info. My therapist gave me identical ones a long time ago
I think they would be helpful
If you really take in what they say
okay, i can definitely read them
if you are willing, tell me after you read them whenver you do, and I can send you one more thing that REALLY helps
wait did you send them to me already?
via email
you can read them whenever you feel like it
I'm not trying to be pushy at all lol
i know haha i have no problem reading things
chris is trying to be better
he caught a bus to go get crickets, and then he walked to the store to get fruit for geckos and dinner for us
That's good
I'm glad he did that
Do you feel like he'll continue doing things like that?
like "trying to be better?"
i think so
i think i made him understand
Fantastic
im going to read your stuff when i get home
but before that
MK
let me show you the level of mixed messages i am getting
alright
me:  i dont know what to do with myself when i cant talk to someone
i cant be alone
 Sent at 6:44 PM on Thursday
 lordmacbayne:  That feel is known
 me:  which one?  because youve always told me that you just dont like being around people at all.
 lordmacbayne:  That's what we call a paradox
 Sent at 6:51 PM on Thursday
 me:  well, now that you say that...i hate all people until im alone and then i just want people D:
only certain ones though
i still hate the majority all of the time
 Sent at 6:53 PM on Thursday
 me:  im in this paradox where im working around your paradox.  i try to talk to you to kind of "vent", i guess, but i can only talk to you so much, because too much interaction just shuts you down haha
or rather, too much of my interaction
im sure im more bothersome than a lot of people
im not dumb, just neurotic
 lordmacbayne:  You're a lovely person
Do not fret
that's not a paradox
that's him lying to seem "darker" than he really
is
I'm sorry
I cannot be objective about this guy
He fucks with you
sometimes
and it bugs me
well i kind of understand what hes saying though, because i really really hate people too, but i get super lonely
those ARE mixed signals
i told you
I don't know what he's trying to even convey to you
"youre a lovely person" hurr hurr
I DONT EITHER
THATS THE THING
erg
it seems almost like when it comes down to it, and im really upset, he wants to be that "a shoulder to cry on is a dick to rid eon" guy.  and let me laugh at that. hahahahaha
hahahahahahah
he does seem like that
now the actual question is
are these real feels that he has, which i can respect and work around, or is this him just trying ANYTHING to get laid?
because if he actually means the nice things he says to me, that is good, i need to hear nice things about me
otherwise its just garbage and i dont want any of it
You have to mkae that call
you know him
i know i know him but i dont know which "him" that i know
haha
i mean, honestly, if he says he talks to all these girls, dont you think he'd be getting laid at some point?
no
I MEAN SURE YES
but yeah
I know what you mean
-.-
lol
one of them
he mentioned to me
is this black girl that my cousin used to date
athis is the missing link!
he must have mentioned her to me
because she started telling him how she knew me
you knew him before you knew him
like what
three degrees of seperation
hahaa
INTERESTING THING. this new study says that high levels of oxytocin in the blood (what builds up when people, say like..chris..performs romantic gestures and you're involved in a loving relationship) suppresses the chemistry of drug addiction.
i believe that is true
I do too
when i am upset and unhappy
i want drugs
if im happy, i dont
makes logical sense right
so im just getting some profound new information
share
and it was delivered to me in a way that is laughably "profound"
ordmacbayne:  Hunter
I'm bipolar
what do you need to know?
is he actually though
he really seems like someone I've known my whole life. Like someone who would just say that.
like is he sick for real?
well i totally believe that someone diagnosed him, because psychs tell everyone theyre fucking bipolar
he is sick
OH yeah
haha
thats why he acts like this, thats why i talk to him
he definitely is
he is also very depressed, and that is i believe why he acts so flat sometimes
some kind of cycling disruption would explain how erratic he is
YEAH
he's flat
and also
randomly
has delusions of grandeur ====== manic episode.
i think that he suffers from BPD
but thats just me
hes manipulative
It's hard not to think that
and sad
anyone who behaves outrageously is easy to pin as borderline if you know the disease
I wanted to say he was but I figured it was just me wanting to say everything was borderline
lets just say that anyone who talks to me and enjoys it on a daily basis has SOME issues
I dunno honestly dude
jajaja
he DEFINITELY has a mood disorder
*hahaha
*not mexican
that make so much sense
hahahah
hahaha
this
lordmacbayne:  Hunter
I'm bipolar
what do you need to know?
 me:  Well it's not the same as borderline.
 lordmacbayne:  Correct
 me:  Bipolar is, most say, easier to deal with, although I'm not saying that what you deal with isn't torturous sometimes
 lordmacbayne:  Its probably more debilitating on the whole
 me:  Do you just not like to talk about it?
 Sent at 7:16 PM on Thursday
 me:  And I don't want to have a "my mental disease is more hardcore" battle haha
 lordmacbayne:  What is there to talk about.
?
 me:  Well before you said you were clinically depressed.  And then you're just like BAM:THIS JUST IN
I'M BIPOLAR
oh wow
dude
unless he actually seeks treatment things are probably rough for him
he get depression meds once, they put him onlithium years ago and he hated it
he hasnt went for treatment since
his life is a lot like mine
he just cries
all the time
well lithium is a funny drug. Too little does nothing, too much can kill you. It takes months, sometimes years to find the PERFECT dosage
I would strongly recommend that he get help. haha. like dude
bipolar disorder is SERIOUS
he says he has manic episodes
and im like, when?
hahaha
dude
He does
He was manic at the christmas party
he wasn't just drunk
I would be willing to bet money
that makes so much sense
because martin told me hes an alcoholic and that much alcohol wouldnt have made him like that
no it wouldn't have
he was hyper focused
overly sociable
willing to
well
"Excessive involvement in high-risk pleasurable activities"
(almost wanting to pick a fight with me over nothing)
that was not alcohol
yea also he was freaking out over me
he was
martin told me that he said "hunters over there" and that he immediately came and found me
wow
didn't know that
haha
yea he just told me that the other day haha
seems like josh may be "catchin feelingssss"
hahaha
but its good that hes so good at stuffing them down into his black heart
because i dont need to deal with feelings from him
he has to deal with my feelings
thats the way it works
i have to go home now
i appreciate the talkj
Please tell me there is ONE ticket left
i dont know lol
look online
I shall after class my mom gave me the go ahead
woo!
i hope some are left
God me too lol
let me look now that im at work
there are some
youre good
dude wait
I thought this later than it was
I don't know if it's a good idea for me to go ://///
why?
I have a four day a week chem class through the 27th, and I promised my supervisor to make up for it I'd work three eight hour shifts Friday through sunday...and I don't know if I can afford to not be working
unfortunately
its fine, man
i understand
I really wish that I could or I wouldn't have just been about to purchase a ticket.
: /
i know man but i understand, sometimes ya gotta work
alsoy
you gotta eat
whose catch phrase is thar
that
FUCK INTERNET
you gotta eat
RALLY'S
"break me off a piece of that foot-ball-creme"
thats how I was just now
AHAHAHAHA
what is that from
andy trying to figure out the what the kit kat song refers to on the office
hahahaha YES
I REMEMBER NOW
fresh ham
eminem is my *reat success* music
*great
success*
*hi 5*
i wish I still liked eminem
*chyeas also high five*
he raps as fast as car
i dont like th enew stuff really
i listen to a lot of his old albums
i enjoy his old albums
I just don't enjoy what he says
haha
i kind of understand what is ajoke and what isnt
its a coping mechanism for his emotional trauma
instead of doing terrible things, he turns them into art
A lot of it #offends my christian #ways
I provide nightly #hateprayers for his soul 
#blessed
hateprayers
hahaha
profanity prayers
is a beck song
wow
hahaha
interesting
dude
yesterday
well
first
apparently vaping is a popular culture topic now
haha
let's establish that
I saw this tweet
"Vaping with some other dads, complaining about our wives"
hahaha
vapists
YES
vapists
chris and you are both vapists
however, chris is a #virtuoso
psh whatevs
hes obsessed
*difference*
haha
THE MAKINGS OF A TRUUUUUUUUU
TRU
tru
VIRTUOSO
#tru
#yung
the ban got signed
wow
what are the provisions?
nothing yet
the bill
was to
form a committee to put species on the "dangerous animals list" or some shit
they dont even know which species they want to ban
but they still passed it
can I still blame bush?
Is that still a thing?
yes
this is bush's fault
blame him
it's residual from the war on terror
he never knew a gecko
he left one to die in hurricane katrina
hahahaha
hands yeah
hands yea
seriously?
these hands??
THESE
HANDS?!
hands yeah
give me your take on this situation
GO
I questioned bella, because she snapchatt'ed me a photo of like her shorts and feet, (she frequently just sends photos of like her hand, the ceiling, her books) and I was like "I just don't get your snap chats sometimes, haha." she replied "Well sometimes I just don't get you so there." I said "um, wow, okay um." and she said "lol what." I replied "well your statement was much different than mine." hasn't talked to me since
what the fuck
i see two possibilities
use girl brain to aid your words
powerful having a girl best friend
so pwoerful
she was genuinely joking and thats why she hasnt replied, which i dont think its that one because why would hse not reply.  or secondly, she is kind of...not taking YOU seriously, it seems.  like, you dont ignore your S.O., especially after saying stuff like that.  Even if she were joking, she should apologize or say she's joking.
she also went into the forest to get high with her idiot hippie friend and just texted me back
but she hadn't left for liek 30 minutes after that.
also wow
I don't think it was joking
sadly
I wish
how many male friends does she spend her time with, and how many sluts does she hang out with?
Depends on your definition of slut, and not really any male friends that aren't basically females hahaha
her friend group consists of people from high school
and one person from college
well here
the guys who "are basically girls"
are the guys bella likes
dont forget that
zach pauley
i dont find it attractive AT ALL
but she likes the faggy guys with girl jeans
who let their buddies draw all over them
well
and they make hemp bracelets
I mean
that's true
but she's grown up a bit
she's no longer scene
HOWEVER
I think her tastes ar emore like
guys with long hair who skateboard and draw and do a lot of hallucinogens
I am the LITERAL oppisite of that
yea i mean thats what i imagined she would like, lol
like joe knight
people who I look down on
No
not necessarily joe knight
i know haha
joe knight is gross
someone who has SOME ambition, someone in school, but someone with less ambition than me
She likes "easy going"
I'm type A
I threw a fit today because I missed one point on an exam and she was like "what why do you care"
which in typing
I realize
both sides are crazy
hahaha
and there is a middle ground
haha
I HAVE SO MUCH TROUBLE WITH LONG DISTANCE
my mind begins to wonder
and spin tales
long distance can be good or bad, depending on how you handle it
I've BEEN handling well, until now
shes handling it poorly, therefor you feel insecure
HOLY
yep
you're right
so right
I have this issue with her, where I say something MODERATELY thought provoking, and in reading it back in context it always looks arrogant, because she never has anything cool to share.
So I always look like a know it all tool to her
It irritates her
OMG I KNOW THESE FEELS
HAHAHA
I KNOW YOU DO
i used to do the same thing, and then when i started talking to josh he would call me out on it and be like, why do you keep telling me these things hahaha
I LOVE SHARING FACTS
when I think something is cool
I DO AS WELL
IT IS
MICHAEL SAID IT WAS COOL, AND SO IT WAS
We both have intersting things to share though
on the 3rd day *michael claps and disappears like night crawler*
which is weird. people should be interested in us
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAAHA
I AM THE SUN
HAHAHAHA
SO INTERESTING
I AM THE SUN
*houdini clap*
*flesh flash*
GONE
FLESH FLASH
BAHAHAHAHAHA
hahaha
so dude
the one thing i like about chris is that i can say stupid shit to him and he actually cares
I signed up for therapy next week. They provide it free as like training to clinical psych students. I AM AFRAID
what do you mean?
i mean like, he would never ignore me, or make fun of me, or tell me im being stupid
hes not mean
hes actually very nice
I mean bella is too. She constantly praises me (of course I provoke it and I live off of it like a parasite) but I knew chris was nice. He's typically very understanding but he jsut has weird thoughts
he has weird thoughts?
hahaha
oh
the insecurities
yeah
those
haha
well i dont really get to see you and bella interact, as you see chris or josh interact with me, so i cant advise you
right
question
yes
do you do this as well? The whole "back door complimenting" yourself just because you know people will build you up?
yes i do it constantly i am always fishing for compliments
me too haha
because i want validation
and I know how to get the out of people
ITS ALL IN THE WORDING
VALIDATE ME
i think that im the most awesome person ever, but then i also think that i must be actually a loser because no one takes notice of me being amazing, so then i think im actually terrible and im not worth shit, because no one is constantly telling me how awesome i am
haha
I feel the same way
yes if something is worded correctly to make me feel good about myself, comment or not, its like "thatll do"
so anytime I get a hold of a friend or something
I promote it
Like
"oh I recently did this but I don't know how it went"
OH MICHAEL YOURE GRREAT IT WENT WONDERFULLY
i know x
i know
it's always something I KNOW I'm good at
i do the same thing all of the time
It's like you know it's tricky, but it still makes you feel good
Brain teaser
What if pam had an abortion when she found out she was pregnant
yes like i said, you take it as praise even if you kind of stole it and they dont really mean much by what they said
(been watching the office)
haha
Exactly
omg lolol
well
if pam aborted
there would have been more The Office
hahaha
hahahaa
every once and a while
I get a few torilla chips
shove them in my mouth
then drip some hot sauce down my throat
and chew
then swallow
(eat)
*digest*
*regurgitate*
*share with 10,000 hungry jews*
(Im jesus)
hahahaha
so youre saying
jesus ate some hot sauce and tortilla chips
and in his body
hahahahaha
produced bread for 10,000 jews
his body is the bread hunter
we break it in rememnbernce of him
HAHAHA
so of course
HJAHAHAHAHA
lololololol
first big laugh for me today
hahahahahaha
I love the bible
ggreat job! :D
*christing*
HAHAHAHA
IM DYING
CHRISTING
im so glad you can talk to me while im at work
because if it isnt you
right
haha
its josh, chris , or travis
it's jesus
and none of them make me cry laughing
and he never wites back
HAHA
HAHAHAHA
omg
the three of them plus me, represnet the four different personalities that people have and you will encounter in life
think about it
it's a spectrum
cannot tell if joking or thought provoking
hahahahaha
both
lolz
travis is very similar to us
libra, obv.
think about it while laugh neurons burn your taste buds
HAHAHAHA
i just imagined laughing, and my taste buds exploding one by one from the ELECTRCITY of my laughter
hahahahahahahahaah
electricity
electric
*dancing*
ew
I hate that dance
just kidding
NOT REALLY
*hate siezure*
hahahahahahahahahahaha
* hate seizure *
HAHAHAHA
DUDE
i had a hate seizure once
HAHAHAHA
hahhahaahahahahahahah
what
explain
i was so angry
omg
here we go
ahaha
that i fell on the floor and started clawing at the carpet and gasping for air
hahahahahahahaa
HAHAHAHAHA
OVER WHAT
i dont remember, probably just life
no no
my uncle died
i had to take off a week of work when that happened
i was a mess
can I laugh or is that social faux pa because of dead
no go ahead haha
HEHEHEHE
*butterflies emerge and land on my body*
emerge from where?
FROM WHERE DID YOU EMERGE
yeah hands
yea hands
hahahahaha
i want to start saying *hands* quietly after statements
to see if people ask what i said
hahahahah
hahahaha
yeah, hands
I've ALWAYS wanted to try something like that
"oh, i said *look at hands, shows person hands* 'HANDS..."
HAVE TO PEE HANDS
hahahahhha
*Napoleon dynamite hand dance*
*Falls to ground weeping with pleasure pain*
hahaha
so im not allowed to tell the new guy to shut up
why not
because barrett said if i do he may kill himself and then not show up for work
hes like ultra depressed
hahahaha
its easy to tell
hes overly friendly
THATS NOT FUNNY
hahahaha
everytime i get up to go dick off somewhere when i dont feel like working, he asks me if im going to lunch or break, and when i say no, hes like HAVEFUN
im like STOP TALKING TO ME FOREVER
like
"HAVefun...." *voice tapers off*
its prime time for after brunch lunch
gotta gooooo
OK
*claps and teleports away like nightcrawler*
HANDS
hey
i am finished with muh lurnch
I am fetching a ham bread
(Sandwich)
hahaha
you should call it
Head
*one ham slice paired with two of the finest breads*
Hahaha
i finally had an idea to con people into advertizing the show for us hahahaha
Share
whoever posts the most flyers and logs their location on the FB show page wins a crested gecko juvie from us
people love free geckos
That's not conning
It's just marketing
well then
same thing
different names
Haha basically
im a con artist/ social media marketing specialist
Hahahaha
nan
that should be my actual title, instead of just social media specialist
nan
it should be marketing specialist
but i guess
nan
thats what they call the employees of the social media marketing team
which im not a part of
haha
nan
nan
I'm done
WHAT
How
BEHAVE...and i will show you my powers
click the sticker button
then in the upper right corner of that box, click the shopping button
nan
I always just thought that meant YOU PAY
nope
most if not all are free
haha
Pay me
Pay now
money me
money how
need money me
hahahaha
nan
Go Go gadget wallet
Trapaholics
trapaholics hahaha
thats chris
nan
Damn it
Acccident
youve done that 3 times now
obviously its the mocking of the trinity
nice "accident", michael
Dont
jesus
I'm in public
Dont
HAHAHA
i dont know if i shoudl stop
or not
because the thought of people looking at you while you try to stiffle body shaking laughter
is making me laugh
guess what im making for dinner
What
Tell me hunter
mac n cheese
BUT
im going to infuse the milk with thc
hahahaha
mike did it to his coffee creamer and said its awesome
That's not a thing is it
You've become a stoner
Hahahahahaha
you can mix it into like any lipid or alcohol
dude our landlord came over the other day and after watching us for a minute he was like, man you guys REALLY smoke weed now hahaha
You dp
More than you used to
Hahaya
YAYAH
ahahahaha
WHATS HAPPEIN WHATS UP GOT PATRON IN MY CUP
*snaps fingers*
'omg
no
hahahaha
UH YAYAH
Uh huh
NOW SNAP YA FINGAZ
hey i got a washer finally
had a dryer for like a week now
but now i have both
the full package
*BAM*
SICK
The good kind, (rock)
someone at work has shroom infused chocolate right now
hahahaha
not much different from when martin brought me free weed cookies for a few days
Weed copies
That's fraud
what hahahaha
listen to the song
mattress
by beck
its an old song
if you listened to his old fun blues music you would understand BECK
I do
I have
Just when I was a teen
hahaha
Not in many years
WHATS FUNNY
Teen
I as a teen
im sad that youre missing the concert =/;
Me too actually :(
its so hard for me to listen to beck and not sing at my desk
Sing
Sing beck
ooooooooooh your kindessssss
your bodyyyyyy
on the mattressss
Shut up ass hole
YOUR IDEA
MAYBE ILL SEE YA
MAYBE I WILLLLLL
MAYBE I WONT
Not to me
To new guy
take me out to dinner im a loser im a winner im a sucker im a sinner wont you take me out to dinner
haha
some gecko person im friends with from south africa
just posted
Oh boy
"anyone knw where i can get emo/scene clothing in south africa frm"
Hahahahahahahahgagagagaya
Okg
Omg
I typed gay by accident
*kisses rosary*
you did
over andc over and over again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-XuMvxi-vc
sometimes when i simply touch my PC cords with my feet, my monitors just shut off
or like, havew a color seizure
go where you want to, do the things you feel, walk around with a broken leg and a hundred dollar bill
omg michael
http://imgur.com/gallery/TdZnjo8
MY GOD
the mask is one of my favorite movies
haha
not me
lol
I like it OK
whaaat
get right outta here
yea
lol
after work i need to
get crickets
get washer hose
get weed money
get what
second one
what is that
drop stuff off at mom's and try to leave her house as quickly as possible
go GET weeds
i hose for my new washing machine
so i can wash clothes
OH
washer hose
hahahaha
then
I wasn't thinking of washer
in that way
i need to make the weed milk
like
idk
which take slike an hour of double boiling milk haha
THEN pasta
then i need to give crickets to animals
at this time it will probably be like 10:30
then i will smoke weed until i go to bed
tah dahhh
a day in the life of a high functioning adult
*HIGH-fives*
hahahaha
yes
#420NO
If you smoke tonight
you will take two hits:
One of the marijuana, and two...jesus hitting delete on your future
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
definitely this is the wrong place to be, theres blood on the futon, theres a kid drinkin fire
WHEN THEY ASK YOU FOR CREDIT
GIVE THEM THE BRANCH
WHEN THEY WANT YOU TO GET IT
CHEW ON THE GRASS
ok
hahaha this
http://imgur.com/gallery/mJxMAFG
nan
didn't click tht
hahahahahhahahahahahahhaha
nan
I mean the face
I'm about to clikck the link
click ittt
fucking male nipples
why
right? hahahaha
There's a hormone that definanizes EVERYTHING about boys within the first three months of life, BUT NOT NIPPLES
It's like vestigial
DID MEN ONCE PRODUCE MILK
WHO KNOWS
lololol
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
man boobs
are extinct
so are tails
tails and man boobs
all gone
I'd like a tail
prehensile
i wish i was born with a tail
oh god
YES
yes
i have always wished that
ever since i knew we had tails
"tails"
tales
ive got tons of tales
all over my body
hunter
hunter
those
those are just tendrils
u hv tendrils
hunter
fine fine ill quit messing with them
but the tickle my fancy on the brightest of mornings
are they free floating or can you control them
HAHAHAHA
i broke character dammit
(more like carnage from spiderman or doc oc)
hahahaahahaha
holy shit
*pokes at tendril, tendrils floats away*
we go into character
theyre free floating
watf
hahahahahahaah
hahahahaha
oh my god
hahahahaha
so
something funny
but you can't tease me for watching mad men
because it invovles that
ive never seen it but john hamm is a great actor so continue
HE IS
Well
His character is having an affair with his neighbor, but forces her to lock herself in a hotel for two days. He sends her a beautiful dress to wear, and when he got there, she was like where are we going? and he says "What makes you think you're going anywhere...You exist in this room...for my..Pleasure." and he heavily emphasizes  "his pleasure
I laughed so hard
I played it over and over
hahahaha
because I imagined you
hahaha
writhing
thats a sick scenario
It's a sick show
lol
WRITHE AT PLEASURE
im not even depressed today man
its so awesome
nice
im borderline positive, actually
well, we knew that hahaha
but im saying
HSHSH
im almost in a positive mood
semantics
YOUR BORDERLINE POSITIVE
SEMANTICS hahaha
that's my most commonly used exclamation
because it's our most common form of humor
it's always accidental
i like it a lor
lot
dammit all the burn in HELL HELL HELL
what
did you listen to pleasure p?
pleasure p sounds VERY familiar
i think chris made me listen to him
hahaha
I just had to unfriend shannon chaty because she posted a video demonstrating white people being discriminated against
hahahahahah
oh my god
jesus fucking christ
she should die in a fire
she looks like an oompa lumpa
but worse
HAHAHA
she is so orange
and so blonde
HAHAHAHAHAHA
that I want to vomit
eat
and vomit again
like why
omg i juust remembered
last night i drank 3 and 1/8th beers
why
you know what I'm why'ing
and puked ALL OF MY FOOD FROM THE ENTIRE DAY into my bathroom sink
why
EW
WHAT
hahahahaha
WHY NOT THE TOILETTE
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU
YOU SICKEN ME
BECAUSE THE TOILET HAS SHIT GERMS
HAHAHAHAHAHA
*yu mo gwai gui fai di zao*
IM LAUGHING SO HARD
hahahahaha
*yu mo gwai gui fai di zao*
chris said the same thing
"why not the toilette?"
and i was like
ITS GROSS SHUT UP
damnit its toilet
*yu mo gwai gui fai di zao*
but you confused me
I'M CURSING YOU
not toilette
weirdo
hahahaha
toil ET
it sounds more fancy with the ette
it does
here
educate yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IT967fUFuYw
ok I'll click it
but also
I'm laughing so hard
do you remember "jackie chan adventures"
I DO
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgEnsTQwZW4
MOTHER OF GOD
UNCLE
i remember this song
omg hahaha
two hits
jesus will hit delete on my future
hahahahaaha
I totally stole that
I wish I could take credit for it
but I'd feel too abd because it's so funny
TELL ME WHERE YOU STOLE IT
\DAMN YOU
THEIF
THEIF
rob delaney
._.
who what?
ive heard of him i think
OMG
HOLD ON
https://twitter.com/robdelaney
Scroll through some of this
It's mind melting
oomg who is this man
i feel like i know him personally
hahaha
GOD
HE IS GOD
haha
he's so hilarious
his tweets are just ridiculous
so much irony I can't handle
diaper wolf
hahahaha
im on imgur currently
because i always read all of buzzfeed by 2 PM
omg
that's
a good bit
but not undoable
i mean when youre ust sitting here haha
just
and other websites arent as accepted for some odd reason
for some reason they treat buzzfeed ALMOST like it's work appropriate
hahaha
it's halfway to news
yea essentially lol
it is news
just, flashy news
http://imgur.com/gallery/EgjWZL3
the first comment, man
the second one too
Why didn't kel get faous
mous
He was awesome
because youre only allowed to be funny black and fat, not funny black and skinny, unless you are dave chappel, or very short
hahaha
(katt williams)
i was upset one time about my gecko competitors
and josh sent me a katt video about haters
and it was the funniest response ever
(katt williams is so bad)
no he isnt
hes hilarious
hahaha
I dislike his comedy
lol
yeah hands
your hands
my hands
these hands
those hands
yeah toast
whose hands
YEAAAAH TOAST
yeah hands
SEE
toast hands
pleasure p
dude i get to leave in like an hour
AND IM NOT EVEN GOING TO BED AT BEDTIME TONIGHT EITHER
ive stopped caring if i work on saturdays
why's that?
saturday is like a day off anyways.  come into work, listen to music, read buzzfeed, go smoke weed, come back, repeat
you do that every day
haha
without reptile organizing
it's saturday
yes but on weekdays i only smoke weed at home
duh
you can smoke weed at work?
out in my car or martins car or mikes car
lol
#420NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
tell that to your GF BRO
WHYS THAT
'BRO'
I DON'T KNOW WHERE I'M GOING HERE
JUST RUN WITH IT
BECAUSE SHES ALWAYS LAYING AROUND, WEEDED UP, WITH THAT NEEDLE STICKING OUT OF THE *POT HOLE* IN HER ARM FROM SHOOTIN UP ALL THAT STICKY ICKY
BRO
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
POT HOLE
CAN WE DISCUSS
im dying
hahahaha
how she thought that a gravity bong was exclusive to two liters and trash cans
she didn't know it was a thing
like
you could buy
i didnt either
not going to lie
HAHA
but i had only seen one once
like 5 years ago
Epic "FAIL" 
What am I supposed to tell the other #moms?
tell them they can FUCK SALT
ass is right
I aint tryna let that pass me tonight
OOOOOOO
*with bass*
WHAT
hahaha
dude chris was so nice yesterday when i got home from work
he bought me surprise warheads
like an easter egg filled with different sour stuff
and he got me kashi bars for work
OMG THIS HAHAHAHA
http://imgur.com/gallery/u79UN
dear god
she has a giant mouth
i laughed
haha
It's funny
OH
LET ME TELL YOU
look, tendrils
It's funny
http://imgur.com/gallery/zn0w9x4
okay
go
now
oh no
hahaha
sorry
had to watch that several times
ALSO FOR THE RECORD
TENDRILS ARE EXCLUSIVE TO PLANTS
tentacles are human
OH GOD
NO THEY AREN'T
THEIR ANIMAL
ANIMAL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
tendrils are anything you want them to be
they can be your greatest pleasure
carnage from spiderman has tendrils
have i mentioned that
he does
and venom
depends on which venom
you were telling me something haha
the venom I like doesn't have tendrils
dude
when I was little
I was afraid
that slimy carnage would enter my body with his tendrils and invade my organs and drown me in symbiotic slime
from the inside out
I had AWFUL nightmares
AWFUL
TRULy
omg that sounds like a million times worse than drowning hahaha
FROM THE INSIDE
http://imgur.com/g/memes/qQrGpHE
it's just the thought of something organic being inside me
If I got a parasite I'd shoot me self in the mouth
dude ive always said
if i got like some sort of parasite
i would destroy my own body
to kill it
hahaha
I would
Some of them can be killed with like two or so doses of medication
but some are SUPER persistent
like
MY BODY IS NOT A HOME
WELL IT IS
BUT NOT FOR FORIENGERS
MERICA
THIS IS MY HOME BODY NOT YOUR HOME BODY
NOPE
so i told chris that martin asked me to have a 3 way with him
and he got super pissed
lol
he said something to martin about it
WAIT
back up
do I really not pay any attention when people talk
when did this happen?
the other day
like
two days ago maybe
oh boy
why would he ask that?
he wanted it i guess
he said his gf thought i was cute
and they wanted to spice things up
he asked me twice
wow
that's uncomfortable
yep it actually really was
josh said i should report him to HR
but our HR is scary
haha
do it
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE
hahaa
well
its run by a giant gorilla-like black woman of power
continue
shes scary
like
to everyone
have you ever spoken to her?
lol
yes
not by choice
haha
well just weigh out if it's worth it
how did marti nrespond when yo usaid no
god my spacebar game is whack
hahaha spacebar game
i dont really care TOO much
it is what it is
i can handle martin
hes just obnoxious
then don't report it
Who cares then
and chris was so pissed off that martin hasnt talked to me really at all today haha
Chris is taking this as
"someone asked my girlfiend to have sex with them"
when although that's what it REALLY sounds like
That's not what it is
haha
i mean it kind of is haha
yea
either way he has the right to be pissed
but not 100%
all these dudes are mackin on me now
hahahaha
yeah he does
an ad for morning phase just interrupted my video
I love that album so dearly
sucks you cant go listen to it live bro
It is in my top 15 albums
You were so right
lol
i told you
i know why rob delaney is familiar to me
bobby delaney does a lot of graphic design work and we were going to pay him to redesign our logo
Hahaha
sweet jumpin jesus cakes
its about time to leave
nan
stop sending me that perverted thumb
that means poop in sign language
stop sending me poop
yeah hands
*stern look towards you*
fine, ill just go "smoke weed about it"
claps...
alright. Just don't get it everywhere because I am not #cleaning this chat any #L0nger
you have to clean it?
for real?
lol
what am i talking about i do too sometimes
hahaha
No
*reverting to stern look*
*looks to god*
*I am willing to offer you my body*
thanks hunter
*you are torn apart by reincarnated old-testament swine*
WHAT IN THE FUCK WHY AM I A SACRIFICE
HAHAAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH
Errand and driving time, sacrifice ya later
saw this and thought of you hahaha http://imgur.com/gallery/rFo3Il9
dear god NO
hahahaha
what is that godless shit hole
dude i was so sassy to this black guy who harasses me all the time
he acts super white
and is short
and never leaves me alone
i had to yell at him STOP SAYING WORDS TO ME
hahaha
rather than stop talking
hahahaha
yes
hahaha
dude and then
he came over to my desk and was all like WHATS WRONG BUDDY DID I MAKE YOU MAD
and i had to tell him again to fuck off, but this time i embarassed him in front of my coworker
did you take pleasure in it
no i really didnt
i just wanted hi to go away
haha
dude
god is going to take you now
did you see the post i made about the gecko i had
i did
i liked it
no no
the one that died
well no then
wow
my spaebar game is ON POINT today
"biggest fans on tumblr: #1: Lordmacbayne
"
how is that even possible hahaha
I dunno hahahah
does he actively do stuff on your tumblr?
yes
thats weird
like what?
haha
likes my shit
but like
my gecko died bro
and he cost 500 dollars
I know
Im sorry
I feel like words can't really improve your outlookon that
that is a shit ass situation
well the real situation is a secret, no one in the community can know
You gave him a disease?
no
he died from stress
but
i was supposed to quarantine him for 30+ days to make sure IF he had any diseases, he wouldnt hurt my other animals
but
i didnt
Then why did you do that big thing on facebook? It's not like hyou had to do  aa cover up
i put him in with my favorite female just to see if anything would happen, and he mated her, and didnt seem stressed AT ALL
i do have to cover it up
if people know, they will say that was his cause of death, that i overstressed him
but that cant be true
because when mark sent him to me, he was like, i hope he makes the trip, hes SUPER stressed
but didn't you say it was
wai
tnvm
you siad just strress
was it the shipping?
wait
ok
how far away was he?
washington state.
DAMN
that's very far
ive had geckos come in from canada though
this is very odd
that he died of stress
or rahter, that shipping affected him like that
*rather
anyways, heres the short of it
its terrible that he died and im lost for words about it
BUT
if i hadnt mated him, he would be dead and i would never get babies from him
the tough part is, when the babies hatch, im going to have to lie and say grifter is the father
because no one can EVER know that i bred thanatos before he died
that's a scandal
it's a couple of species away from being a day time drama
but why did you choose that specific female?
hahaha
and because
she is my prized female
i have lineage info on her for over 3 generations
thats so rare
and expensive
shes beautiful
and i bought thanatos just for her
Oh ok I see
heres the goodish part
the breeder, who is very kind and i consider him a personal friend, is going to send me one of thanatos' babies from last season, plus im hoping an imhotep baby
let me show you imhotep, and youll understand why those two babies owuld be worth 500 dollars to me lol
ok lets see
the one on the right, look at his motherfucking head manb
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=707045852640152&set=pb.589831087694963.-2207520000.1395508402.&type=3&theater
i would pay several thousands of dollars for that animal
if i get one of his kids
that's a large head
ill be fit to be tied
so really, when i paid 500 dollars for one single bloodline
i ended up getting to keep those genes by breeding when i shouldnt have
and now, i will be getting a female from him, and ANOTHER bloodline from imhotep with the head
kind of works out
it does lolol
you're like the people
from that movie
that created that monster
half girl sceintist
half the best traits of every other species
splice?
that would be my dream
haha
i like playing god
i cant help that
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
YES THAT MOVIE
IT'S GOING TO GROW OLD AND FUCK CHRIS
AND THEN FUCK YOU
RAPE RAPE RAPE
hahahaha
that movie was so odd
and perfect
i love splice
I LIKE IT A LOT
I like it a lot
hahaha
look at this
https://www.facebook.com/MaddieKol/posts/10100848190835983?comment_id=12983341&offset=0&total_comments=2&notif_t=mentions_comment
omg
lol
SHES CHINESE
HER NAME IS BINGBING
FUCKING BINGBING
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHH
*white girl death*
she is
she only looks half chinese though
which is weird
I know that sounds really racist
shes fully shinese
but whatever
hahaha
i dont know why she looks so american there
hahaha
she does in here wikipedia photo too
i look like someone named bingbing
kill me now
http://imgur.com/gallery/EE0dYhM
haahahah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=RD4LbOIG_8GNg&v=4LbOIG_8GNg
the whole album is less than 20 minutes, take alisten
do you need help finding great stuff to watch
yes.
help me.
I don't
that guy says he can help
what hahahaha
in the add
for EVERY vidoe
on youtube
oh i dont really get ads
for some reason
lol
shut up bing bong
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
look at this
im dying laughing
http://imgur.com/gallery/awyhPkT
ok
no this one
http://i.imgur.com/pd7EJ4Q.gif
THAT ONE
HAHAHA
chris said that is the realest fear hes ever seen in his life
hahaha
it is so real
it's scary to ME
and MY FEAR BOX
your fear box?
you shouldnt have one of those....
it's okay
I have enough courage pistons to counter act the fear box
(all emotions can be equated to things)
hahaha
im gonna go do a saturday adderall and prepare to be bored until 7:30
dude there is
NO. WORK.
NONE.
i could go home if i didnt want paid haha
yeah
and you don't wanna upset your cash cantine
(the organ tht drives money want)
hahaha
i have an extra large one of those
3hustlinhustlin
so josh is in love with the waitress haha
did i tell you that?
oh god
which one
one of the black sheep girls
i think
yds
anyways, apparently she talked to him
and hes all excited
Is she into him?
i think so
he said that she told him he looked dapper
oh god
no one tlks like that
she's perfect
i know dude
im trying to tell him
im like, GO DUDE NOW SHESW INTERESTED
GO GO GO
hahaha
tell her she looks
whatever a synonym for dapper is
god
*neckbeard cringe*
HAHAHAHAHAHA
ummm...
i keep thinking of him using the word
m'lady
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
NO
NO
FUCK NO
but anyways
he said he saw her in the mall "with a MALE"
so he thinks shes taken
did he fucking follow her
hahaha
most likely
male
she was with a male
he said that
did he do a police sketch of the guy
hahaha
I just imagine him
waiting
in a "disguise"
after her shift
and thn walking
30 ft behind her
like he saw in a movie
hahaha\
i bet he imagines himself
as ryan gosling
because he loves ryan gosling movies
hahaha
theyre all about feels
ryan gosling: king of the feels
hahahaha
I hate who I am
I just told bella that she was the guy fieri of perogies
what the fuck am I
HAHAHAHA
WHAT IN THE HELL
I am the bobby flay of cereal
dude if I was the bobby flay of anything
*can't even white girl*
I'm kind of the bobby flay of talking to people
(no social skills)
cant even white girl
LOOOL
no one can
im trying to give josh dating advice
best advice
STOP TAKING GIRLS WITH YOU TO PICK UP GIRLS
YOU IDIOT
hahahahhaha
he has ONE non gay dude friend
which i knew before he even literally named off all his male friends
its funny because theyre all gay dude adults that somehow i know
I could've told oyu that
he has 4 male friends
3 are gay
and i know them all
you'll argue this
but I don't think he's super masculine, which kind of makes him less comfortable with having dude friends who are..straight
not that it's a bad thing
it's just
It would be weird for him I guess
haha
i dont ever think of him as completely straight
ITS ALL A CONTINUUM MAN
why do you think we look at shoes together
hahaha
hahaha
(because I can't deal with it and neither can chris)
lololol
so im trying to help him stalk this girl
because he deserves it
what
hahah
he is so nice today
because hes happy
he has alight at the end of the tunnel
i dont think hes ever been this energetic since ive known himhaha
he said he got the best sleepin yearswhich was slightly less than 7 hours
that's still not great
haha
but for him I guess it is
im trying to find her, and im sending him photos of girls named chelsea (he swears he thinks thats a fake name hahaha)
and hes like, i think shes persian and that girl isnt persian
and im like I DONT SEE RACE, YOU RACIST
HAHAHAHAHA
Here's a possibility
that he needs to be prepared for
She may have just been being goofy and complimenting him for a tip
thats true
but im not going to crush his sad dreams
I think it's most likely.
exactly
don't
this is all he has hahahaha
I know
hahaha
it's just
unbelievable that he's social skills are so bad
that he didn't
you know
think that it was her wanting a tip
he claims to be this like
lone wolf type character
who like knows stuff
but that's a major lack of perception
ahha
ha
I wouldn't take it from him either though
LONE WOLF HAHAHAHAHA
he also just reminded me that hes attracted to some trannies
so yea, not toatally straight
hahaha
(trannie is not an ok word)
like m to f
or f to m
or both?
haha
I'm really interested in this
and NO
he likes ones that look like girls
NOT STRIAHGT
i think
so m to f transgenders
" lordmacbayne:  well, hey
i also like some transexuals.  
there's room for everyone on this boat."
IM DYING HAHAHAHAHA
I wonder what that says psychologically about a person
like
which type of transgender you like
if you're into that
haha
what boat
he's "lost virginity at 26" boat
that's a sinking ship
HAHAHAHAHHA
OMG
IM DYING
YOURE KJILLING ME
HAHAHAHAHA
does he think hes some kind of sex pot
ALL ABOARD
*fucking sound*
HAHAHAHAHA
#420NO!
BAHAHAHA
*fucking sound*
ick
hahahahahah
he said the waitress
may have two bottom teeth
that are DEAD
omg this is so much like sunny its ridiuclous
hahahahahahahahahahaaha
THE WAITRESS
oh my god
HE FOLLOWED HER
AND
OMG
YOU'RE SO RIGHT
DEAD TOOTH
HAHAHAHA
hahahahahaha
this is becoming too much fun
also i think it proves good on my end that im trying to help him get with some girl
you are
but
really dig deep
is it for a good reason
or to act out a hilarious scenario
honestly its to make him feel better
LIE NUMBER ONE
and i honestly dont see anything happening because hes too shy
ok
maybe it's true
yeah
valid point
SUCH CUTE POST
MUCH SMILING
WHAT
shes always posting at me haha
she works with me
and is gross
but im nice to her
BUT THE PHOTO IS SO CUTE
look, i just threw some ron swanson on that bitch
lordmacbayne:  im not playing chess here.
i am not subtle.
i lack very much subtlety.
 me:  well you cant half ass two things, you have to whole ass one thing.  if youre going for straight forward, you need to talk to her directly.
I can;t believe he doesn't know how to ask out a girl
but at the same time
I can
hahaha
why am i wing manning him right now haha
like people his age just do, or don't do
they don't do this
haha
you are
well i mean, he needs help
because he is socially retarded
HAHAHAHA
yeah
his screen name is lordmcbayne
he definitely
has some
PSYCHOSOCIAL RETARDATION
(always wanted to use that word)
(don't know EXACTLY what the definition is)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
DUDE
my advice is SO good
look
me:  well next time you see her, dont wait for her to say something.  take it upon yourself to break the ice.  makes it a lot less uncomfortable for her.  absorb that awkward blow, for her sake.
true
he has to accept
that the worst thing that can happen
is no
MY GOD
i think he knows that fully and he is really afraid of like the only girl he MAY be free to go after, rejecting him
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE LOL ME
because he wants all these girls
OR "OKAY" ME
OH MY GOD
but they all work with him, or are his ex, or etc etc
HE'S EVOLUTIONARILY A DUD HUNTER
(ANGER SIDE)
i mean yea hes obviously NOT meant to reproduce
thank god
his ex had an abortion
otherwise he would have a kid
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
WHATT
NOOO
GOD NO
THAT KID WOULD BE LIKE DRESSED IN ARMOR
AND SAYING
SHANT
AND WORSHIPPING OBJECTS
SHANT HAHAHAHAHAHA
hahaha
THE MACBAYNE FAMILY WORSHIPS NO MAN
OR OBJECT\
ONLY THINESELF
thou
thine
thee
shant
shanty
omg we just went full circle back to Sunny
remember the episode about the shanty towns?
fuck
yes
hahahahahahahahaha
haha
oh my go
how am i living in sunny right now
this is my ife
just
immorality
and awkwardness
hahaha
so
i tried to see how long I could go without putting productin my hair
guess how long I lasted
ummm
3 days
one hour
HAHA
ive started doing my make up daily
"If my hair was just a little shorter or a little longer I wouldnt need it"
so thats something
lol
what every guy who uses hair product says
WHAT hahaha
that is something
oh lolol
hahahahaha
im wearing cowboy boots
hell yes
hahaha
sweet
gotta do lunch and stuff, ill msg you l8r
bye
heyo
going to brunch with chris and josh tomorrow hahaha
fun fun fun!
that's really awkward
nah not really
we're going to try to get waitress info for him
well that's good
dude don't take this too far
he bugs me
but I don't want to see him hurt by that girl
make sure he initiates everything
i told him
so if something bad happens its not on oyu
that she could just be nice becaue he tips well
he understand it all
understands
ok good
he may be cancelling on us anyways, this chick who used to work here that he loves is coming in for the weekend
oh
hm
either way its whatever, i just need to put up flyers downtown
SHOOT
I'm gonna start printing them now
I forgot
oh thank youu
I need someone to complain to again
I'm in a very tough position
complain pls
im so depressed i dont know if i can type
nooo whats wrong? D:
bellas dead beat mother is going to move to florida with her parents this summer, and bella has tog go as well obviously. shes moving to florida.  the only time i get witht her is over the  summer. it's basically over
she says shes not worried
but that shit
thats a crock of shit
i cant even comprehend this
aw man =[[[
can i be honest with you about this situation from a level view?
yes
1) i kind of saw this coming, because as ive said before, i could not see you spending your life with a type of person such as her (not derogatory, you know what i mean)
2) i dont really believe in god but i do believe in fate somewhat, and in my experience, a terrible heart break or death can make way for the birth of something wonderful
i understand
its just
3) you arent really 100% happy with where her life is headed anyways
all of the things i hate about her are the things i like. i wish i was more like her in a way, but i cant be. i've always felt like the relationship was two halves of one level headed human being
3)
I'm not happy because i'm so far away from her
it makes you hate your relationship
2)
thats the best advice you could have given me
1)
I knew thast
i don't know if im being realistic
or insane
or overly emotional
its not even definite
but she acts like it can still work if she moves to florida
so youre saying she IS wanting to continue long distance?
or she's kind of "meh" on it
YEs
no
she wants to
thats what i dont get
well i mean
2 hours away is fine
hrm
but i cant do two days
i dont know how that would work
i told her that
she said shed spend half the summer with me
and half in florida
and go back over break to florida
being so far away, and being young, and loving partying with friends...shes going to meet new people...thats too far for my comfort
it is
and she loves her dad the most who she takes the train to see all of the time. he lives in baltimore. her family cant afford to fly her around the country
and 40 some hour train ride
just
i dont think anyone would do that
her mom is selfish
she collects disability because shes a high functioning "bipolar" and shes always annoyed thefuck out of me, exploited me, taken advantage of me, sent me in and out of therapy, lost my respect, almost ruined my life
now she gets to decide my relationship
the perosn i respect least on earth
is now in charge
and thats the part that i cant handle
shes moving to florida so she can continue to mooch money off of her parents and party and do what she wants
ive really thought it through
and why would an adult woman move with her parents
other than something insane like that
but that
will decide the fate of my relationship
thats really sad. i always kind of pictured her mom that way honestly.
i mean
bella has photos of her at allgood as a toddler
shes disgusting
she does
huge goddamn red flag
but bella has turned out much better than i thought
which is good
but shes attatched to her mom at the hip
which I dont get
if my mom was so awful
i wouldnt love her
well
like
whatever
her mom fucking handed me the weed that sent me into a psychotic break
would like run in drunk in the middle of the night asking us for condoms
because she fucked everyone in the building
my high school years were psychologically tormenting
WHAT
THATS INSANE DUDE
yeah
and like
shes too flirty with me
has gotten me to do things for her like clean her house
set up bellas college stuff
if it werenot for me bella wouldnt have gone
she has manipulate me my entire life
all while laughing in my face
sending me to the hospital
i saw her suck a dudes dick
btw
WHAT IN THE HELL
she is a functioning alcoholix
DUDE
I AM SAYING THIS BECAUSE I LOVE YOU AND I CARE ABOUT YOU
BUT THATS NOT HEALTHY FOR YOUR RELATIONSHIP
in any way
and she gets to decide the fate of my realtionship
no its not
every therapist in my life has told me that
thats honest to god
the only reason ive ever been to therapy
do you understand
im fucking scarred for life
ive lost years of sleep
and bella is so used to it
she doesnt know what family is
her mom manipulates her too
its the same kind of shit
but she is worse to me
well i think the choice is kind of in her hands right now
it is
and she is borderline
the worst ive ever seen
shes either going to have to choose to follow her mommy for the rest of her life (moving there will prove that that'
fits every EVERY SYMPTOM
*that's what will happen)
you're right
or she will fight for you
if i know her at all shell fight for me. but her mom has such a tight grip around her. its like your mom and you, but about 100 times worse. she is the worst manipulator ive ever met. i used to get sick being in the same room as her
its ultimately yes
up to bella
me or her mother
i just wish her mother would show her true colors
because she is fucking satan
she purposely did shit like
walk in on me naked
not walk out of the bathroom with a towel
shes goddamned psycho
dude
she is the one who sent me into that mental breakdown
and ill never forgive her for it
this is the shit i put up with for bella
which is why its so hard for me to let go of it
finally saying a lot of this makes me feel slightly better
its been so bottled up inside
ive never expressed a single bit of contempt for that woman
alwyas been polite
always done exactly what she wanted
everything
and all for nothing
well chris can relate
and if i had not moved into poverty just to be with him
we would not be together today
sometimes you have to sacrifice for what you truly love
and if she truly loves you, she'll make it work
and you need to seriously explain to her
that her mom is manipulating her
you're right
but that last part
here's the issue
she's been under her mom's grip for 19 years. I would be the crazy one. Being victimized your whole life is basically a disorder. And I have never shared any of this. I would have to back my claims up and dump all of this on her at once. I've never indicated anything more than annoyance. She has no idea about any of this because she's BLIND to it.
let me guess, she'll say youre attacking her mom
yep.
see above
she's so wrapped around her mothers finger
its rediculous
they interact and behave
like best friends
and her mom knows that
she knows what shes doing
to make sure she'll always win
this is all about if bellas strong enough to make the right choice
I'm not being full of myself, but if she stayed with me she'd have a future. If she went with her mom she wouldn't.
i know that to be true
i just cant handle this process of 'what is going to happen/is it going to happen'
it seems like her mom cares more about control than her daughter.  she lets her do illegal and immoral things to gain her friendship, so if bella feels like she doesnt like her mom she'll feel guilty because theyre mor elike friends
exactly
you have described my thoughts exactly
the leniency her mother provides is just enough leverage for her to be under her control
my mom tried that but couldnt be THAT irresponsible
she onyl let me get away with mild stuff
right
thats why im saying
bellas mother, has the worst, most mis managed borderline personality ive ever seen
she may even be a sociopath
ive watched her for four years
she has no true empathy
I
m just dealing with that crippling depression where you can't even cry
well, you should maybe discuss this with chris as well
because he has lived your life
he lived with my mom
god
youre right
yep
and if i had wanted to go out of state to college
with my mom
and leave him, after everything he put up with for me
he would have been so hurt
my issue has never been dealing with crazy people. what i didn't realize for years was that it had caused me SIGNIFICANT psychological and emotional damage. When I was in morgantown they wouldnt let me leave the psych center because they thought i was going to kill myself and my roommate. you never think about how much jsut dealing with things does to you
and you're right
he would have been
I WISH
that i could make that choice
but i'm already over 20,000 in debt
believe me
i fucking would do it
i would take matters into my own hands
but here
far away
i cant do anything
im powerless
this is not your problem
because you are powerless
this is bella's problem
and whatever happens, isher choice
youre right
it is
it's just
at time
s
I've thought "please make the right choice" and she's pulled through
but this is very different
like
as much as i love my own mom
i wouldn't give up a future with someone i love to cater to her needs
thats not even evolutionary viable. it would be MORE difficult to do that in theory
exactly, thats why i had to break away
i had to make a choice
i had to stand up for myself
yeah
thats the only way she would be able to make the right choice
this is very similar
you did
i think your mom is truly insane and cruel. however i think she has droplets of humanity that allow her to be human
yes
she isnt pur eevil
just slightly
shes pitiful
bellas mother is smarter, more powerful, and scarier
but how bad does it really have to be?
for someone to choose their crazy mother?
can they always break away if they really want to?
if she was gone for a summer with her grandparents and mom in a retirement community, would she reealize she had made a mistake
michael if bella cannot look at her mother and distinguish her behavior as manipulative
i think she realistically should
shes already gone
see
there's been little hints
like she appeases her mother and indicates "she always does this" and thing slike that. and gets mad when she tries to manipulate me into doing things.
HOWEVER
shes never come out and said it
so she either is really too far gone
or she knows
and doesn't wanna talk about it
because she doesn't want to accept it
man if my mom were like that and you were dealing with it, i would spend my days profusely thanking you for dealing with her and apologizing for her behavior
because youve gone through hell
dude there are things i dont even want to share
im not being dramatic
or i would have already told you at last some of this
i just
i wish people were rational
you know?
her mother sounds like a sociopath
and for your health, you just stay awya from that
my mom thinks she is
shes sucked my soul away
you need to just say to her, who do you think has your true best interest in mind?
i will get to that
earlier we were skyping
and she brought it up only for the second time
but we talkd more about it
and i said that it was a selfish decision
and bella said she disagreed
its all about her mom getting what she wants
she refuses to work or anything
and she knows her parents will always give her money
thats pitiful
so
it really is
FOLLOW THEM
dude i deal with so many more serious mental issues than that woman
lets look at this in a different light
and she gets like 1,000 bucks a months for being bipolar
i dont get it
she is truly something
like a MASTER or everything she wants to do
and ok
different light
lets do that
bella is manipulated and under her mothers control, which is essentially what happens when you get too far into doing drugs.  shes being controlled by something that does not care about her.
thats a great metaphor for what is happening
its seriously like
theres no convincing otherwise
but its like an affliction
she's a victim in a way
she is a victim with a disease, same as a drug addict.  shes probably masochistic or something.  but, people need to get help with their diseases.  she needs to get into counseling and away form her mom.
here's the irony
she is in counseling, on therapeutic drugs, because of problems she DOESNT REALIZE WERE CAUSED BY HER MOM. THEREFORE, she NEVER DISCUSSES HER MOM
it's sickening and painful to watch
like i said, you need to tell her all of this
everything you feel
open the honesty floodgates
i wrote a 20 page essay last summer
explaining all of this
I planned to do something with it
but I just never did
Yes I know
lol
give her the essay
but it was literally 20 pages explaining everything that was wrong with our relationship and my life and how we were both affected by it
I will in person
the issue is
let her read it
long distance
texting
talking
its not healthy to make emotional decisionns like that
next time I see her
i want to really discuss all of this
the very fact that she thinks she can make us work form florida
says that she doesn't truly understand anything
because I know that's delusional
it is
no one is just perfect for you
you have to work for it
and if she wants to be with me
she's gonna have to realize that
yes
exactly
do you know how expensive ANY kind of travel to and from florida is?
her friends
her life
me
all in charleston
shes willing to give that up for her mom
because shes so crippled by her
a relationship spanning that large of a distance is normally only going to work with people who are 100% committed and have been through a lot together.
right
for special circumstances too
like half our relationship has been long distance
last two years of high school and first two of college
that's not committed enough for florida
yea exactly,  if you were to chart your distance, it would be obvious that she is growing away from you
because of im assuming her mom
yeah
here's what I hate
Her mom
is so manipulative
she talks
about us like growing up and having kids and things
like idk if bellas ever thought that
but if she hasn't
she thinks I'm so wonderful to use
that she would PLANT that in bellas head
thats what concerns me
I've heard her say that shit
it's really sadistic
like she's hand picked me to cling to
she's always concerned with what I plan on doing with my life
ask bella
ask her
say
trying to figure out if bella will just have what she wants
do you plan on marrying me?
do you want kids?
do you want to spend THE REST OF YOUR LIFE with me?
those are big questions
not once in almost four years have the first two come up
not once
because
I thought
"those big ideas ruin good relationships"
early on,
yeah
I guess
but maybe
yeah
you're right
maybe it's time to actually discuss that
jsut rip the bandage off
she has talked about where were gonna like live after college and stuff in a serious way
stuff like tha
wow thats a red flag
in 4 years
none of that has been discussed?
that was my decision
I evaded it
Of course i want it
but i felt like premature conversation
could set up more pain
if we broke up
ah i understand
let me ask you
are you so in love with her that everyone else in the world is shut out and she's your entire future and you dream her into your life?
you dont even notice other girls?
yes
no
without a question
=/
i wish i had a solution
but this is all bella
which is bad for me in this situation
it is
like
her mom is in control
but for once
bella can choose
I'm gonna throw this all out there
like "you lvoe your mom and I love my mom, but if you want a FUTURE with me you need to pick me"
mom shouldn't be that big of a factor in life planning at age 20
it sounds like what my mom TRIED to do to me
we're basically out of hte house
worked on bella from her mom
IT DID
HOLY GOD
YES IT DID
because they've been best friends their whole life
so it all sounds like a good idea
her mom is the most important person in her life
everybody loves their mom. but if they're more important than being with someone you "want to spend your life with" thats an issue
of freudian proportions almost
She's been brainwashed. You saw how bad it was when I had to escape my mom. That was emotionally traumatizing. Bella is past that point. She would need to be in therapy about it for years.
she would be...you're right about that. She has waited too long to try and get away. Plus I really think having a sociopath do these things to you may make it more of a challenge because of the whole "charm" aspect which her mother obviously has.
Thank you for discussing this with me. I felt the depression "weight" lessen a little bit
I've always needed an outside voice on this
you talk me through terrible situations, i owe you the same haha.  it sounds like she has Stockholm or something.
Or just obliviousness. Everything is normal to her
haha
thats what stockholm is.  wrong things seem okay.
her mom has groomed her
oh
hm
to deal with this
you're right
yeah
but if I ever pointed any blame on her mom
I would be "over reacting"
her mom can do no wrong
i would not be able to live with that
i see her not changing
and you just suffering forever
wow "shit just got real"
my goal
is geographic separation from her mother
thats what is require
if she doesn't go to florida
d
that's accomplished
here's the thing
she says "it's only a possibility" and "it might not be for a year or two"
That's what liars so when they're about to do something bad.
"only maybe"
yea
beating around the bush
thats true
its so you dont over react
so they dont have to deal with it
fuck
for some reason I didn't even think of that
obvious
of course it's so  Idon't over react
yep
lol
here are some direct quotes lol
"[3/22/14, 7:07:38 PM] Izzabella Och: If my moves to florida, I will not be there ALL summer
[3/22/14, 7:07:53 PM] Izzabella Och: I will probably go when you are doing internships and whatnot
[3/22/14, 7:08:06 PM] Izzabella Och: This is just something thats being discussed
[3/22/14, 7:08:14 PM] Izzabella Och: she may even do it for a couple years"
that sounds like lightening the news
and she plans to buy 500 bucks in tickets to go back and forth
right
dude I have a job. I have a place to live. If she so desired, she could literally live with me
haha
okay if she could live with you and go to college with you, and she chooses not to
that woul dbe it for me
deal breaker
I wouldn't wanna tear her away from school. But like, over break and stuff, she could stay with me instead of going to florida. going back and forth between florida four to five times a year seems like a RIDICULOUS notion
an expensive waste
she could transfer to your school
she could but she has a really good friend in kent, who I really like. She likes it there. I can deal with THIS distance. Just not the florida distance. That distance is not realistic for our relationship
or anyones
in our position
like
well, then tell her to stay at her school
and when her school lets out or whatever
to stay with you
not her mom
right
I mean I'm not saying she can't visit her mother. (as much as I would enjoy that) but saying she lives there is insanity
yes thats reasonable
like florida to ohio to wv to florida
like how does she think that will work
i need to get off that
shes obviously not thinking it through
lol
maybe in time itll sink in
and she'll realize its not realistic
yeah. It's been like two days
This isn't happenign till mid summer if it's happening
question
go
would you be able to live with the guilt of saying "me or your mom" or should that not COME with guilt. The fear is "would that create a "guilt driven--spitfeul" relationship
like should would always resent me?
idk
no, when you break it down to one thing or another
thats when people choose what they actually want
because youre giving her both choices
OH
it's not like I'm insisting she come with me
I'm saying choose
yes
exactly
thats why im saying she will choose honestly
any person with half a brain would make the right call. but there are circumstances
What I'm hoping is yeah
she'll just make the decision herself
i don't want it to come to anything
well this is a problem that cannot be remedied AT ALL any time soon
so you shouldnt stress too much
I seriously never considered that all of these timelines and maybes were to lessen the blow hah
you're right
it can't be
start getting used to the fact that she may move down there, and come to terms with that, just in case it does happen
i guess you're right
ive just never had to deal with anything that painful
it's not like I dated a bunch in high school
my whole life i've been in like 7 or so relationships
you dated earlier than me though haha
i didnt get a (shitty) boyfriend until 9th grade
oh yeah
haha
I dated the girl who put a curse on me
HAHAHAHA
kristy
and that was the beginning of my fucked love life
hahahaha
kristi holestein
yes
her
shes so insane
angel was crazy too
she said she would use mister jesse as a voodoo puppet to anally rape me
and burn me
ANGEL IS CRAZY
and shannon was so left field
STILL
and kayla was vapid
NICOLE SANGID
hahaha
jesus i forgot some of these
hahahaha
weirdo
and that scene girl i dated for like 3 weeks in high school
ew
im just jealous that you werent shunned for being ugly in middle school hahaha
remember
I wasn't emo unti 7th grade
I had the WHOLE 6th grade year
to be totally pretend normal
hahaha
did you see that tumblr thing i posted about 7th grade? haha
NO
hold on
hahaa
you literally have 12 posts
so no
haha
i post all day
hold on
I am on your other one
oops
send it to me
hahaa
I DONT FOLLOW YOU
NOOO
https://www.facebook.comabspolu
that's a link to nothing
https://www.facebook.com/TumblrIsLife/photos/a.225208250926600.49839.225146407599451/557758334338255/?type=1&theater
haha
HHAHAAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
EVERYONE HAD IT
maybe not as bad as us
but everyone was "edgy"
yea i know
lolol
i found it so relatable
me too
dude im not gonna lie
im so high
im glued tot he couch
I'm glad you didn't lie
that's a hard truth to grasp
*tear*
*jesus hits DELETE on YOUR FUTURE*
hahaha
i did an adderall because it was free when martin came in today
hes being nice because he feels like a dick for making chris mad
HAHA
for asking me about the 3 way haha
dude I can't do that shit. LAst time I did ritlin, I was perscribed it, and it made me shaky and bad at everything
hahaha
so im coming down from that, so i took 4 klonopins so they come down is less unpleasant. and then ive been smoking weed since about 4 pm.
why take four?
hahahaha
thats like 7 hours of smoking weed
hahahhah
because any less does nothing for me
wow
ive been on it for like a year
theyre only 1 mg
dude you haven't been on klonopin for a year
lol
have you?
almost yea
i don't even know where time goes
I remember when you first started taking those lol
*pharmacological tear*
HAHA
june i think
of last year
*tear dissolves due to short half life*
wow
yeah
I rememebr now
apparently
josh was attacked by ants
hahahahahahaha
and is terrified of them
my body is convulsing
i knew this but forgot
hahahahahahahahha
read this
i cant
omg
hahahahahaha
i can
hahaha
ordmacbayne:  no, i did
obama is the savior of ants.
 Sent at 10:46 PM on Saturday
 me:  ant change
change the ants
the ants should be
eh
purple
 lordmacbayne:  there are supposedly electric blue ants.
i wouldnt know
because i cant look at them
 me:  I WILL FIND
 lordmacbayne:  no
i sweat to jesus fucking christ
if you send me a picture of an ant
i will never speak to you again.
 me:  you weirdo and your ant fears
calm down
hahaha
what do you do
if you see an ant
during life
where ants are
 lordmacbayne:  kill kill kill
FLEE
flail
 me:  hahahaha
ya pansy
i held crickets today
WITH 12 INCH TONGS
 lordmacbayne:  you're right.
maybe its the fact that i like the cock.  that's clearly why i hate ants.
 me:  WHAT IN THE HELL
hahahahaha
 lordmacbayne:  it wouldnt be because i was fucking attacked
by a million fucking lifeforms
christ fuCKING GOD.
no
no
No
 me:  what in the hell are you going on about?
you were attacked by ants?
 lordmacbayne:  i was.
i cannot deal.
oh god
all of that
oh god
hahaha
i want toput an ant farm on his desk
omg
hahahahaha
omg
lolololololollol
he said he picked up a toy when he was little and it was covered in ants
and BAM
they were all over
i bet some
went inside
omg no no no
hahahaha
if you said that to him
e'd have a seizure
i would too
you know that's my fear
INSIDE
ORGANIC MATERIAL
IN MY BODY
(carnage)
wanna know what FUCKED my childhood
I have a GREAT clip
of a show I watched
that just
ruined my life
a cartoon
no no
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ksa_VPodygI
i dont want my life ruined
its one miniute long
its batman
no
im watching shark tank
you're an adul
send it to me l8r
ok
will do
dude
dude
haha
what haha
do you remember scott duff
from middle school
YES
HAHAHAHAHA
well i was friends with him through like 10th grade
he just messaged me
and
he's REALLY religious now
like
you have never seen
let me show you
his mom is a NUTJOB
...i know....
haha
is he still a midget with crooked legs?
Praying for randomly. Hope your doing ok.
appreciate it. you too man.

What are you up too? It's been awhile.

Not much dude. School, haha. How've you been?

Haha I understand that. A lot man, growing in ways I have yet to understand. God's giving me neat people to be around and giving me opportunities I'm grateful. Times still get hard. I get depressed then I doubt. But God always turns my head back to Him even in midst of my sinfulness which is amazing in its self. We should catch up in summer if possible. Where at school and what for?


Well that's great man. You seem really humbled. and oh I'm studying neuroscience at ohio state. But yea that'd be great. I haven't seen you in forever dude
i think you can tell who said what
I'm so scared
what
in the hell
hahahaha
i just got more
updates to follow
WICKED
Something cracked in this kid
this is not the scott I remember
apparently he had to be pulled outta school
hes posessed
he's at bible college now
dude
cease contact
seriously
this is NOT the scott duff i remember
he is TOTALLY different
not just more religious
he said "he felt like everyone hated him" something about leaving capital
i dunno dude
wtf
lol
he probably tried to kill himself
he sounds like he snapped
then found jesus
or some shit
good for him, or whatever.
That's neat man, neuroscience sounds intense haha.I'd love too hang out.Yeah I left capital. Went kinda crazy for a while I felt like every body hated me. Idk if it was true or not but doesn't matter anymore forgiven any if it was true. God grabbed me and I heard of God in a completely way I've never have. I confessed to Him and wanted Jesus. Then from there he has been restoring me in a way I don't deserve. I wanna be a pastor or missionary that's what I'm at college for now. I miss people from capital, especially you guys.
He wants to be one of those people that invades small villages, ASSIMILATES THEIR CULTURE, replaces all their beliefs with christian values.
ITS AWFUL
and IMMORAL
omg
thats so insane
missionaries
are the WORST
huma beings
haha
they are man
that's what they do
they just are
destroy culture
culture is so cool
and they take it away from naive, innocnet third world locations
DEVILS I SAY
NOT OF ELOHIM
hahahaha
they force jesus down their throats
*winks with my beautiful lashes*
instead of taking them water and food
yes
there is like
so much they they don't get about the cultures. Like how their practices tie into survival
IDIOT CHRIST ASSES
CHRIST ASS
HATS
HANDS
when you sponsor those kids on tv, they don't do anything except give them nike shoes and new testament bibles
and
YEAH HANDS
YEA TOST
HANDS
TOAST
YEA TOAST
YEAH HANDS A LA YEAH TOAST
do you ever get an itch
and then go
INSECTS
INSECTS ALL OF MY BODY
AND FREAK OUT
oh no
he said he wanted to go preach at witch doctors
YES I HAVE HAHAHAHA
omg
whata weirdo
help me
im playing with my LEACHIANUS
LEAKY ANUS
ew
ew
ew
I just had to defend my religious beliefs
what is going on
wtf hahaha
I'm in a theological debate debate with scott duff
what
help
it's 130 am
what is going on
what
youre dreaming michael
don't do this to me
seriously
youre going on a trip
don't say that
NO
hahahahaha
I'm overtired
and I have a derealization problem
thats odd
lol
it is
I used to have out of body experiences all of the time, kind of like the ones you have on ketamine
partly why I'm so heavily medicated
hahaa
in retrospect a lot of people would probably enjoy that problem
hahahaha
dude
get me out of this conversation
call and say I have to come home
you have to come home
lol
so you started with crickets and that helped?
Yep :D
wooo!
josh is seriously my most loyal tumblr follower
dude like
i stood him up kind of
but not on purpose
HAHA
what
you did what he did that one time
forgot
he was supposed to go to brunch with us, but said he couldnt make it because of a situation with a friend.  i said, if anything changes, message me in the morning and we'll get together.  well, he messaged me, and i completely forgot to check my phone.
I DID
OMG
HAHAHA
even
yea totally
hahaha
he went anyways and then sent me a photo of a bloody mary, after i told him i got carded
fuggin dick
hahaha
hahahaha
you got carded
lmfao
we're officially 20.7 this week. so only five more months.
20.7 hahahahaha
21 is so important to me
I use that
well
i will just enjoy being able to drink bottomless mimosas
hahaha
seriously dude
theyre so good
I'll take your word for it
SHUT UP STOP BEING PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE
hahaha
no
you're finished.
moving on
i got a washer
to play with my dryer
(being straight forward aggressive)
they play in the basement
to play
hahaha
I JUST REMEMBERED
I never resent you this link, ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ksa_VPodygI ) which now doesn't even seem worth it because the conversation is over
but I was just scrolling through my tumblr and saw it
hahahaha
dude
I've been craving  black sheep
I've had two REALLY BAD burritos
i have a black sheep burrito in my car
not sure if its good to eat
its just out there in the cold
hahaha
im asking josh his professional tofu opinion
based on that i will or will notindulge
professional tofu
hey yo
HOLY GOD
im watching key and peele
its so good
tell me if you've seen this:
(ITS GREAT) BTW)
people keep sharing this link: [18+ VIDEO] RACIST GIRL CUT OFF HER ONE BOOB AFTER TOUCHED BY A BLACK GUY ACCIDENTLY
like 5 people on my timeline have shared this
hahahaha
nooo hahahahahaha
there's a freeze frame of a girl with a knife betwixt her breasts
It's SO UPSETTING WHY
HAHAHA
dude look up
MXE
the sucstance
substance
that's a designer drug right?
lol
yes
but
cant really find anything bad about it
like
i have some
and the only reason i do
i because CHRIS got it for me
My vote is know because we said the same thing about K2 before all those studies came out
that's just me
hahahaha
If you want someone to approve of you using a designer drug, talk to josh
lololol
hahaha
i dont even tell him about what i do
he knows i smoke a lot of weed
thats about it
hahahahahaha
WOW.
when i did mushrooms i freaked out and told him
hsaha
he knows i used to do dope
omg
lol
l
and stuff
BLOOD DOPE
just kidding
hahaha
what
hav u ben doping
it's what atheletes do
they replace their blood
bump up the white blood cells
ohhh
for performance enhancement haha
haha
thats crazy
but ive heard of that
ok
well
will you let me read up on this
before you do it
I wanna know EXACTLY what it does
*shakes finger*
do it
now
lol
ok
so there has been VERY little research done about this drug. I know that is a serotonin agonist and an acetylcholine antagonist, which basically means euphoria/trouble moving/floating feeling. I know that it can cause ACUTE cerebellar ataxia, or loss or coordination, but no one knows how long those effects actually last. the recommended dose is 5-100mg but the safer route if you're going high seems to be 40. There's a higher risk I think of doing more because so little is known about its exact toxicology, but it's quite similar to a derivative of ketamine and PCP.To date, there have been 1 or 2 documented ER cases involving MXE and 4 deaths associated with it.
I can't tell you what to do
but that's a summation of all of the info I've collected haha
its pretty safe
its like ketamine
but different
there scatually euphoria associated with it
actually
well listen
and i do like really small doses
Everything that scientists have had the time to test is pretty safe. It would be better to know that it has bad effects than to know nothing at all, which is basically where we are
I mean I'm not stopping you
but know that it's really unknown stuff
people do it
but it's still unknown
ive done it before, and travis and martin both do huge rails of it and completely dissociate from their bodies
i do it until i feel nice, and then stop haha
Don't try to justify it to me. That doesn't work.
lol
but yeah
I mean
haha
ok
i dunno
if you're gonna do it you're gonna do it
(other relatable statement)
"it is what it is"
lol
b
dude my bird is so much fun
confirmed male
YAY
I CANT WAIT TO SEE BIRD
yesss
he looks kind of like pikachu
haha
have you seen a photo?
yea hahah
you've posted
I FOLLOW YOUR POSTS
BIRDE
i like his little beak clicks that he does
why so cute
it looks like my old bird
YEah
it's hilarious when they do that
i let him bite me
because he doesnt hurt
he just like
play bites
its cute
yeah it is
lol
the beak is so small
OH
and I know I've already played mom about the MXE today
but I meant to tell you
When I was looking up stuff about it
I read that the things you use to refill your vape contains serious ass neurotoxins.like the liquid you kind of "dab" on to it
haha
I AM THE WORST TODAY.
i seriously odubt thats true
doubt
also
my ghost chili sauce has neurotoxins in it
i eat it
because in small doses they aren't lethal. they're metabolized.
so they arent serious at all
haha
It was weird for me to read
because I was recently TAUGHT that nicotine in small doses increases neurogenesis and decreases your risk for Alzheimer's and dementia
After further investigation:
It was glamorized
a child swallowed a bottle of e liquid
hahahahaha
chris was just reading about how people are saying that kids can swallow it
and thats true
then again, if you leave a lit cigarette just laying out, your house can catch on fire
semantics
anything in high doses is lethal lol
water
I hate when the press does shit like that. They always find ONE scholarly article, don't know how to interpret it, and just pick out hte stuff they understand which makes everyone HORRIFIED
like the whole cellphones give you brain cancer thing
or the whole reptiles are dangerous thing
they are to #preteens
everything is dangerous to preteens, itll end up tangled in their hair or shoved in an orifice, no matter what it is
hahahaahahahaa
IN AN ORIFICE
*danger*
*danger*
*preteens enter*
I heard that in a #hiphop voice
with those #hiphop horns and a #nice *BEAAAATT*
omg
wat
i found a good copy of anchorman 2 on primewire
this is my dreeeeaM
OMG
hey
yoyoyoyoyoyo
dude
?
FUCK SPRING
THIS IS WINTER
i know D:
I just walked for 5 minutes and used a ruler to measure the 1/2 inch of snow that I ACCUMULATED ON MY BODY.
i was posed to get a new gecko tomorrow
gotta wait till thursday now
DAMN
YEAH
it's the worst
haha
you got a half inch on your body?! hahaha
dude
it's so bad
it stopped snowing here i think
visibility is like 40 feet. I almsot got killed like twice. the wind is like GALE FORCE
hahahaha
what the fuck is gale force
wow dude be super careful
hahaha
I have come inside and hidden
good, do that
here's something
*have gone
don't be that person
hahahaha
THE WIND BLEW BECK OUT OF MY EARS
i was being that person ironically.  does that make it even ironic anymore? hahaha
YES
NO WIND. NO, WIND.  WIND...NO.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
*you're
hahahaha
those people
*you're
*gets in argument*
REBUTTAL: "you're"
YOURE FUCKING KIDDING
hahahaha
its like, you cannot fight the uphill battle that is the loss of human intelligence
society is forming a new language
in 100 years itll be wrong to use you're correctly
because it will be incorrect
that shit happens
I wouldn't be surprised hahaha
seriously dude
haha
I'm reading this article about how they're trying to abolish the gay straight alliance in parkersburg and this quote appears:
"If people are offended, they need to know it says in the end of times (in the Bible), 'then many shall be offended,'" Walker said.
I AM DYING HAHAHAHAHAHA
OH ELOHIM
WHERE DOES IT SAY THAT
HAHAHAHAHA
show me this link
some of this is GOLD
https://www.newsandsentinel.com/page/content.detail/id/585170/Hundreds-rally-for-Parkersburg-South-teacher.html?nav=5061
READING haha
"Christ died to give us the right to free speech."
dying
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
LIKE WHAT
WHO SAID THAT
NOT CHRIST
HAHAHA
PEOPLE ARE SO
FUCKING
DUMB
Seventy-five-year-old Arlie Keffer also attended Friday's rally.
THERE YOU GO
big timers
ITS JUST ALL THE BIBLE QUOTES
ARE MADE UP
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
sometimes I just want to give up west virginia. It's just, in recent years our accomplishments include: poisoning our own water, teaching kids that god is the only way to avoid pregnancy, and holding a black woman hostage in logan county and raping her for being black
white girl *Cant even* 's
HAHAHAHAHAHA
IM DYING
DYING
YOUR SUMMARY OF OUR STATE
HAHAHAHA
like the idiocy of poisoning your own water and a democratic senator that loves shooting things
like
ok
I won't give up
until we make Gary Southern king
HAHA
WE POISONED OUR OWN WATERING HOLE
I'm still in awe of that realization hahaha
like we did it to ourselves with our own company and money
dude i made a post about that hahahaha
i said
BUT SNAKES ARE BAD
SOMEBODY POISONED THE WATER HOLE
DONT HAVE A SNAKE
hahahahahaaha
like
we are retarded
everything wv does is back asswards
IT IS
but honestly the whole US is a shit whole
i hate europe so much but then again, its only because im jealous of how responsible and well run their shit is
I WILL SIEZE YOUR REPTILES AND PRESERVE YOUR GUNS AND YOUR DAUGHTERS RELIGIOUS BASED CELIBACY
A lot of europe is shit
but like
sweeden
and counties like that
I could just go there
and not return
yes
exactly
the smaller
places
anywhere that sick people can get help and people have jobs and are generally happy
that's not here
but that's where I want to go haha
i used to want to go to Australia
then I learned of the spiders
oh the spiders
dude id live in australia
hey when youre a super rich doctor in like 15 years
if you move
take me with you
please
I have this word delusion
where I take you and matt with me where ever I end up
like you're my goldfish
hahahaha
you have to take me with you
or youll forget to feed me and ill die
*drops flakes*
ok this is weird
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SERIOUSLY THOUGH
like, im tryna hustle to the best of my ability
I've strongly considered going to canada
and i hope to one day make a doctors' salary by playing god
hahahaa
By the time we're adults
people are so rich from these animals man
well basically
like
SO RICH
the political party in power in canada is the only one AGAINST medical marijuana, which is a big deal for me. So I think by the time I wanna go there, shit will be fixed in canada
and seriously?
you said
SO RICH
which tells me
much more money than I could guess
I NEED TO BE ABLE TO PRESCRIBE MEDICINAL POT
let me show you
how rich
OK
LETS SEE IT
well, lets say a guy (this guy is a FUCKING DICK) has been working with cresteds for 15-20 years
this dude
builds his own house in california
with a giant koi pond
and terra cotta drive way
california has a high cost of living too
ANYWHERE
he ALSO
makes pens out of exotic woods
these people are just like I KNOW YOUD SUCK MY DICK FOR ONE OF MY GECKOS SO HOW ABOUT INSTEAD YOU JUST GIVE ME YOUR LIFE'S SAVINGS
sounds like dwight schrute if he had money
EXOTIC MEATS
thats twisted
hahahaha
but a good business model
that's capitalism for ya hahaha
i mean, all i have to do is keep investing
this isnt a business where the market drops out
exactly
because with reptiles, all of the market research is RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU
it's not like someone creates a better reptile
they're naturally occuring basically
and because i specialize in noticing trends, i see that these animals are not dropping in popularity in the near future
they're increasing I'd assume
people DO create a better reptile
thats what its all about
well
I meant
having the best
they don't change
like iphones
yes youre right
you can breed them
lol
but they're always geckos
no one can one up you if you know your shit
no pc vs mac
my crested gecko gen 1 port will work with my crested gecko gen 2 dock
HAHAHA
it's a 30 pin adapter though
hahahahaha
30 PENE ADAPTER
WHAT
pene
hemipenes
2 penises
gecko dicks
hahahahahaha
don't ever
i was making a gecko dick joke
say hemipenes
ever again
don't
I get it now
but dear god
HAHAHAHAHA
i say it almost daily
okay just real quick
listen to the song red hot car
by squarepusher
ok
after you listen to it....read the lyrics.  keep in mind, ive been listening to this for years and never knew.
I know what's being said
"I'm gonna fuck you with my red hot car"
nope
cock
NO WAY
HAHAHAHAHA
OMG
I HEAR IT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"you scream out for more, im gonna tell you girl, that for sure, im gonna give you all i got, gonna fuck you with my red hot cock"
no
its SUCH A GOOD SONG
dude listen to squarepusher
his newest album is ughhhh so good
shobaleader one
you should check it out
this isn't bad
listening from song one?
squarepusher is like aphex twin but with a bass in his hand
all that bass
he performs on a real bass
interesting
hm
hes from around the same time period
hes old school
but his new stuiff, everyone is like IT SOUNDS TOO MUCH LIKE DAFT PUNK
and im like, how is that bad?
funk is good, no matter who's playing it lol
why does music have to be a pissing contest
why can't it just exist
i know dude -.-
i am king of the pissing contests man
i hate them
all kinds of them
all the piss
smells bad
shut up hahahaha
hahahaha
im sorry
i go too far
no
OMG
TEEN TALK
this is a link i will enjoy
??
ololol
bryan cranston was good looking back in the day
HAHAHAHA
he looked
athletic
BEFORE HE DOES AEROBICS
BRYAN CRANSTON LIKES TO STRETCH
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
JUMPING ROPE IS ONE OF THE REASONS BRYAN CRANSTON's GOD SUCH GREAT LEGS!
any good cook knows that before the cook, you have to get a good stretch in.  otherwise you'll sprain something running from the explosion.
unless you plan to die in it
*laughs like penguin, from the batman series*
(use your imagination)
hahahahaha
i imagined him
laughing
so i saw up his nose
and i saw his penguin hands, splayed with pleasure
hahahaha
did u see
danny devito
hahahahaha
yes
new it
newwww
his hands, splayed with pleasure
hahahaha
dude you know the best thing about having your own phone at your desk?
with his splay footed walk
and his splayed eyes
THE BEST PART ABOUT HAVING MY OWN DESK PHONE IS BEING ABLE TO NOT ANSWER IT
IS THAT THE BEST CHOICE THOUGH
yes
these people are calling a general "corporate line"
someone else will get it
OR
they will call fucking customer service where they belong
we are corporate, we shouldnt be dealing with the shit that can be solved in CS
but it gets pushed through to us anyways
haha
much apologies
such annoyance
i really like working in a corporate department so that i can complain about the underlings and the terribly run interworkings of this company
TURABLE
they ARE
like
i work for the devil
im not joking man i swear if theres a god, ticketmaster is the liason between the devil and humans
the devil being "entertainment"
illuminati
etc
i dont know
anything is possible
I feel like working for a multi media conglomerate is the worst. You kind of realize that they run people's lives
every day i go home
and i am disgusted with the human race
I can imagine
yea
based on what i see them post on our pages, the only thing they care about is money, their spoiled fucking kids, and getting to obsess over untouchable "beautiful people"
its sickening
god
ew
sometimes I feel above people
which is SO bad
but honest to god
I don't care about famous people
movies
famous bands
rappers
artists
I don't watch regular television shows
reality shows
I read all of my news
and I feel like If I wasn't like that
I would hate myself and be one of the people that you have to deal with every day
THE NORMALS
you have to make me listen to music basically
haha
which i enjoy, but still lol
well basically from my standpoint, i have to submit to all of this bullshit in order to understand it, so i can better deal with it
also, i am not obsessed with musical artists anymore
i LOVE music
and i very much appreciate talent and style
you do
I know
but i would never hang a poster of beck on my wall
I'm just closed off
I don't discover new things without help
not on purpose though
I'm not like 'fuck everything'
haha
im the same way omg
like
josh sends me stuff and hes like, i cant believe you havent heard them
and i just tell him, i quit trying to keep up years ago
thats all this bullshit is, the music, the movies, the celebrities
its keeping up
bella gets frustrated
because I can't identify actors and movies without her help
haha
I need hints nad things
for things that IVE WATCHED
it's partly me being a guy
and partly me sucking at that stuff
SO HARD
I think everyone is paul rudd
yea thats a guy thing, because i do the same thing to chris
i get mad that he doesnt know ANY actors hahaha
I know the names
like i said, i pay attention to talent
I can name you like 100 actors and actresses
but I can't put aface with it
hahaha
is that the product of advtertising?
STARRINGGGGGG
* * * *
lololol
yeah that's a goof way to be though
TALENT.
let me share an office story with you hahaha
go
so our buddy clint casto, that tallish skinny middle aged guy who was super high and freaking out at the xmas thing
remember him?
god yes haha
okay hahahaha
he has been PRANK CALLING (thats not the joke)
BUD'S driving school
for OVER A YEAR
why
hahah
like
just
why
hahaha
dude he is so high right now
that i think the cocain has electrified his hair
its on end
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAAHAAHAHHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAH
"I think cocain has electrified his hair"
HAHhahahahahhahah
fucking fuck
hahaha
now im laughing hahahahaha
electricity
coketricity
hahaha
i dont know what drugs hes on man
not coke
everyone here knows that no one here does coke
its too expensive for what people her eget paid
that's a weird thing to say
OH
hahaha
yea dude hahahaha
everyone's jonesing for fake LSD probably then
right
let us estbalish
that in all conversations about drugs
weed is on the same level as caffeine
it does not count as a controlled substance
yes
exactly
that just needs to be established
martin tried to sell me this "real LSD" that everyone says is going around
several people claim it's real
but honestly i have no interest in it at the moment
hahaha
you don't need to "claim" it's real if it's real
that is indicative of fake lsd
exactly lolz
hahahaha
ask me things about work
and i will give you hilarious answers
rememebr when people would top off dimes with k2
when we were like 16
and bought weed in small quantities
YES
hahaha
for mall
hahaha
chris used to talk about that
dude
It pissed me off
let me tell ya
because my life was ruined by k2
and when I would get it in my weed
I would start having flash backs
FUCK THAT SHIT
also it was a rip off
yes it was
im so so so glad
that the k2 damage doesnt seem to be permanent
at least, in my case
i cannot speak for those who faced blunts rolled of k2
fuuuuck thaaaat
I did
I don't know what would happen
well
If I'm in a place where I smoked it
(mall food court)
I feel dissociative
but I'm on so many pills I hardly feel it anymore
It used to really get me
hahah
hahaha
thats crazy
FUCK K TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
mayne
*2 chainz voice*
dude
josh reminded me of his favorite story that i told him from my own personal office experiences
he told me i have to title it to you
""Frankengout: The Jester of Good Will""
omg
this is something so good
it was titled
and documented?
JOSH titled it
hahaha
i have to call it
"Frankengout: The Jester of Good Will" (sponsored by josh beane)
anyways
theres this guy in our office named andy
and he has all these "illnesses"
his most infamous one: gout
haha
so
side story
we were all going to applebees as a department, and IN THE CAR, he decides that his doctor told him that he no longer has gout, so that when he gets in the building he can order the biggest burger on the menue
menu
lol
hahahahah
so, this is frankengout
so named by josh
because he is very dumb, large, and has gout supposedly and never shuts up about it
gout is the funniest disease
because it's self afflicted
anyways
he would always answer the phone, and offer to give people their money back as a "jester of good will" HAHAHA
that's fucking weird
I understand how that could be funny
but for some reason
I just find this dude annoying
haha
oh everyone HATES gim
him
thats why its funny
WITH GOOD REASON
WHAT AN ASS
hes like the jerry/gary/larry of the office
hahahahaha
"well my real name is gary"
NO
HAHA
I love that
fart attack
HAHAHAHAHAHA
poor g'jerry
dude so im going to write a book about this office
josh started a small one and never finished it
i want to finish it
I'd read it
BECAUSE HE CAN'T WRITE
you can however
i am a pretty good word speller
I'm a pretty good witch doctor
HAHAHAHAHAHA
youre making me look crazy with my laughing at my screen
also alchemist
no
you're finished
this ends NOW
*dramatic dragonball z voice*
hahaha
so did you read about my gecko escaping this morning?
or rather, me finding her this morning lol
YES
haha
that was an insane story lol
i thought i was tripping BALLS
lolol
understandably
where will you be when the acid kicks in
hahahahaha
okay so this book josh has started on and will never finish is a lot of quotes
and SO ACCURATE
call center- a novel
hahaha
i think he wrote this...like...as a sales worker?!
no way
no this has to be more recent
i need to ask lol
hahah
find out
he wrote it within the year
" me:  im going to sound like your supposed audience for a second:  you heard a dude say he just smoked crack?
hahaha
 lordmacbayne:  yes
that's exactly what he said
"i just smoked a rock!"
did it likely happen
hahaahaha
yes
but he said
at that point, he was in sales
he is also currently taking cell phone photos of one of his weird employees who i call john the fisherman (always wears a fishing shirt) and he is drawing facial hair on them and sending them to me
i want to walk over and just laugh at this guy now
hahahaha
what the fuck
hahahah
dude working in an office is basically a small ecosystem of human life
it can be so terrible
and so fun
all at once
hahahah
I bet you have
every type of person that you will meet in your life
in that building
absolutely 100%
it's like the amazon rainforest on fake ecstacy that rick sold me
(Fuck rick)
HAHAHAHA
im going to start writing a novel when im bored dude
about my surroundings
ill have a finished novel in a few months
just keep a journal and publish it
that way
you can be more creative
and it's more interesting
no one wants to red novels anymore
i mean
a quirky journal about an office
that's interesting
i write novels like a journal
also
it's what I want you to do
hahahaha
do it
do it
now
5
4
im going to start writing in google docs
3
2
1
GOING IM GOING
hahaha
do that
WHY DID THAT WORK
HAHAHAHAHAHA
what should the name of my novel be...
orange is the new black
HAHA
ok
im looking at my surroudingas
surroundings
lol
i want to mock it and name it
ok
"world class service"
ok
ok
how about
because thats our service mantra
ok
that could work
hahaha
its so funny because
the entire book will show that it is NOT world class service
"World Class Service - A Corporate Experience "
it sounds like
similar to the name of the documentary within the documentary on the office
like it's subtly ironic
BEGIN WRITING
josh just snuck up on me dammit hahaha
it happens at the weirdest times
like, my writing about this office
hahaha
heyee if you can see this link
https://plus.google.com/photos/albums/pbljv5voc2o2unn4ljirt9g482ungap3t?pid=5994864448760682482&oid=110109063215501694903
can you see it?
i requested access
noi no no
no
no
should have I not
OH NO
HAHAHHAAHHAHAHA
THIS IS JOSH'S ISNT IT
OH SHIT
FUCK
I THOUGHT IT WAS YOURS
NO
GOD NO
I'm so sorry
can you cancel the request?
ill just tell him i asked you to look at it because i thought the girl in the photo looks like me
which is totally true
stop requesting access to anything though haha
I can't reverse it
and what does that last part mean
AND WHAT WAS THAST ANYWAY
hahaha
WHAT IS GOING ON
HELLO
WHAT IS THIS
hahaha
its a photo of him with his best friend and a lady that he describes as the most beautiful girl in the world
I WAS GRANTED ACCESS
and she looks like me
she kind of does
what the hell is going on
just don't say anything to him
no dude hahahaha
look at this
me:  i think i look somewhat like her
like, a small bit
not totally
is that umm...
hold on, i remember the name
ally
 lordmacbayne:  yes
 Sent at 7:04 PM on Tuesday
 me:  i sent it to michael, he cant see it
but whatever
 lordmacbayne:  see what?
 me:  the girl
in the picture
 lordmacbayne:  why can't he see it?
HAHAHAHAHA
does that mean he and i are friends now?
hahaha
he just doesnt care that im sharing it with you
dude I dunno
I just think he doesn't care period
maybe
but thats not like him
normally he would be like
i guess
WHY ARE YOU SHARING OUR CONVERSATIONS
I don't know him well enough
or something
hahahaha
i dont know
but
he just said that girl is the most beautiful girl in the world
it's obvious that we are going to share things with eachother
and you CANNOT DENY that i look like her
there is no secret that doesn't go between us
if we are told it.
I also lied
I can't get into this conversation
He didn't grant me access
I just didn't wanna talk about it
HAHAHA
So just send me the photo
HAHAHAHA
you lied hahaha
sorry. IT was just boring
but I thought we were done with that
well hold on now
SHOW ME THE PHOTO SO I CAN CONFIRM YOUR SUSPICION THAT JOSH IS DRAWN TO YOU BECAUSE YOU LOOK LIKE SOMEONE ELSE
done
I'm gonna say two things
go
1) she looks nothing like you
2) she's pretty, but not that beautiful
like
that's stupid of him to say
I'm not saying she's ugly
she's not
you see, i do not think she is very pretty at all
Ok me neither really...
he calls her "real life bett paige" and im like "are you real life blind?"
dude
i didnt actually say that
jajajaja
betty
he looks like an albino clown who just took his costume off in that photo
compared to him
she does look very good
but she's not that pretty
HAHAHAHA
AN ALBINO CLOWN
HAHAHAHA
does he have rosacea
no hes just super white
I knew it had to be one or the other
It makes sense
his hair is blonde
of course he's super white
haha
hes explaining gypsies to me
jesus why did i ask
hahahaha
there's nothing to explain
APPARENTLY THERE IS
they're hungarian homeless people that played music
basically hippies
from centuries ago
AND
THEY DON'T EXIST ANYMORE
PEOPLE CLAIM THAT THEY'RE GYPSIES
NO
I hate hummanity
Ask him about the show about gypsies
dude no
i dont want to hear him talk about it
hahahaha
hahahahaha
hes been typing about gypsies
for like
10 minutes
I feel like his ancestors were gypsies
ALL MY FAMILY ARE GYPSIES
gypsy cremes
so my book thing isnt as JUMP RIGHT IN as his is
but you get the picture
read pls
https://docs.google.com/document/d/12W2O_wihrjWJcNsT8DG7hUsVOqquoYXPHpnc-2Ie3f8/edit
god damn it
I had to
"request access"
fuck off
hahahahaha
do it
its mine
i did...
lolol
gave you ACCESS
thats our presale code for march
ACCESS
ACCESS
ACCESS
ACCESS
recieved
read eeeet
that's a really good prologue
really sets things up
sets the mood
pretty on point.
THANK YOU THAT MEANS SO MUCH TO ME
and i know youre being honest
I am
If I liked it less I would have told you
dude
and if I liked it more I would be saying much nicer things
But I am honest
is your pointer, on that book thing, set right before the title?
wait
because i see a red little arrow that says michael terranova, like youre reading right there
OMG
WATCH IT
hld on
HAHA
you disappeared
im dying
hahaha
I'm keeping that window open
let me know when you update it and stuff
and I Will tell you to get it girl go on and get it
(don't know what tht means)
I CANT BELIEVE I CAN TRACK THE CHANGES LIVE
hahahaha
hahahaha thats TOO AWESOME
I LOVE IT
put secret messages in
open up
hahaha
a special document
for us
and send me the link
we can use this
for secret communication
like spies
HAHAHA
i have to clock out and go see my mom
sorry
leave me secret messages
i will
also, remember that josh can see them
hahahaha
DAMN IT
okay
haha
that makes it better
cya
later
DID YOU PUT A KITTY IN MY NOVEL
Yes
you are
ridiculus
nan
hahaha
i saw that and i wasnt sure
because josh loooves cats
and you do too
lololol
also, josh hid a hello kitty in our TM ticket system in DOS code hahaha.  you have to be in the LA1 system and enter a certain code, and hello kitty pops up
Hahahaha
That's funny
three libras man
it just happens that one is stuck in an old man body
hahaha
I don't honestly believe that's relavent. If you know what your sign is you tend to conform to its expectations
Well
I guess it's still valid then haha
i mean
i think it is valid
because josh completely refuses it
thinks it total bullshit
he didnt even know his sign
didnt care
I mean i think it holds SOME meaning
And of courae
yes
It's believing in something
He's so smart about knowing if there are higher forces
Such trust
HAHAHAHA
hes like
magic
he knows all about the gods that arent real
He's the worst kind of atheist. The kind no one wants representing the non religious. He is the equivalent of Westboro Baptist to christians, but to agnostics and such hahaha
yes he is
when we first started talking anytime i would say something about believing in ANYTHING, he would be like, youre delusional
hahaha
Like cool man
Don't shove it in our faces
it's gotten to the point now where i can kind of poke fun at him for it
his facade is that he takes himself super seriously, when in reality, he doesnt
Believing in random things makes people happy
And sometines not really even stupid
The guy that mapped the human genome is Christian
Who gives a rats ass
I think it's insane
That's just me as long as he's doing good not bad
hahaha
yes
chris bought some geckos wihile i was asleep
and messaged me saying
THE TABLES HAVE TURNED
hahaha
Hahaha
hes so cute
hes been being really good about stuff recently
like, stuff i talked to him about
look at my document
where your cate is
I can't now
I will soon
http://www.buzzfeed.com/danmeth/10-unforgettable-performances-by-phillip-seymour-hoffman
i might be finished with that actually
why
because i dont know where to go with it
it doesn't have to be daily
give it a rest
and come back at another point
thats what chris said
he's right
im just going to leave it for now
i just want to go home honestly haha
our new guy is so lame
talking about metal bullshit
hurr hurr what music do you listen to
he onyl asked me so he could tell me
IM LISTENING TO METAL
metal is so rocking dude
no dude
he told me that he wanted to start a pit in the call center
nan
because what he just heard was SO HEAVY
What a jack ass
I FUCKING KNOW
I HATE HIM
medal
ahaha
heavy medal
*neck pains*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
nICE
no pain no gain
heavy medal
http://www.cnn.com/2014/03/26/health/brain-moral-judgments/index.html?hpt=hp_c2
NEUROMARKETING
?
just read the first line
haha
holy god morality
*controversy*
HAHAHA
thats their version of IMMORAL
so basically this is saying with TMS (a GIANT magnet disc) we can control peoples morals
hahahaha
sick
i didnt read it because im working, thanks for telling me its insane
hahaha
Speaking of aliens, I recently learned that the tv medical condition I'm most afraid of (alien hand syndrome) is actually real
ive heard of that
I hadn't really
where your hand just does whatever
I thought it was a nonsense term
YES
also, we werent speaking aliens
OH MY FOD
hahaha
GOD
NO
NO
NO
NO
and I know the article you sent me was about brains. Alien hand syndrome involves the brain, so I thought i'd make a joke
OK
HA
joke recieved
received
dammit
*beep dooda leep boop*
Laughter commencing
HAHAHAHAHAHA
nardwar
end
dude
yes.
libras
im talking to you and travis
(sigh)
What hunter
what about libras
AND
hahah
and i told him about alien hand syndrome
and the thing he said in response was
did he freak out
"Lol, Hands"
HAHAHAHAHA
with "hands" highlighted in red
yeah hands
yeah
yeah hands
maybe you have a hand there
yah hand
hand
hand
mand
band
band
mband
mtband
methand
metal band
hands
i dunno its like when im talking to you, travis, and josh it seems like im having 3 different conversations with the same person but each of the conversations has a mental disorder added in for fun
haHAHAHAHA
case in point
ASS HOLE
hahahahaha
looool
which mental disorder is each of us
i dont know man
Josh is out
We played that game
and won
i cant tell because i am a part of this whole thing
hahaha
hahaa
yes josh has psychosexual issues
josh is so fucked up
that something freud said is correct
THIS IS , YA MAMA
hahahaha josh is so fucked up that he validates freud's entire theory
hahahahaha
yes
hahaha
he had josh in mind
when he was "researching" (talking)
(about sex he loved sex)
HAHAHAHA
wanna hear something emberassing
"go"
okay
well
I got an email from a psych grad student syaing that my name was on a list for psychological research. Apparently I volunteered. WELL, I said I can't do it anymore, even though I can, just because I don't want some dude telling me what I have and how good I am at things
I prefer to live in delusion
whaaata
i love being analyzed
how dare you waste that free opportunity
*spits at your feet, but not on you*
There was also an IQ element. I don't want to know if I got "stupider"
hahahaha
that's probably why I refused
also because I AM THE MASTER OF MY FATE
i took the test twice
the IQ test
why
once in 4th grade, where i scored 126
hahaha
and once in my recent psych eval
where i got like 110
or something
Why would they make you do that again?
haha
i asked for a psych eval
thats when i got confirmed tendencies
I took it when I told my shrink about charlie and dustin
oh yeah that's right
I forgot
HAHAHAHA
charlie and dustin
that's like a package deal
i did a psych eval too
back then
I knew they'd give me crazy pills
so I lied
diagnosis: insomnia
hahahaha
My mom actually made me to the IQ test because I was flunking school kind of
oh 7th grade
i remember, you were just unorganized and she was really frustrated
after I took it she got even angrier because I was just lazy
so did that really help anyone?
hahaha
what's your IQ from 7th grade?
I don't wanna share that haha
/
=/'
I'm not saying it's like 500
i told you mine
It's just weird
ok
It was like..either 136 or 140. One of those is a score in a SPECIFIC area but I don't know which one, and one is the quotient
I actually don't care which one is which
because I did k2
hahaha
well i just like knowing youre SLIGHTLY smarter than me
because you give me life advice
hahaha
that was 75% joke
(lol)
and that's an interesting take haha
IQ doesn't mean anything
i cant have a retard telling me what to do
GOSH
Emotional intelligence does
hahaha
now
how is emotional intelligence measured?.
because i may have missed that on my test results
Psychological type tests.
its like
well being, self control, sociability
it's really assorted
but if you ahvea high EI
you can get way further than someone even if you have a lower iq
it's all about talking to people
(according to this jack asses that do psychology)
oh then my EI must be out of the roof
HAHAHAHA
It is
according to the psychology jack asses
It has to be
you can accomplish things just through connecting to people
you've always been able to get what you want
haha
BASICALLY
dude like
now not in an UNREALISTIC way
i was thinking about thi syesterday
i wondered if it made me a sociopath that im proud of how i can get things through people
no
because i was thinking about how not one PERSON has ever been able to stop me
that makes you a narcissist
which makes you borderline
hahahaha
and that's true
not even me.
(although, I'm socially inept in a lot of ways)
i remembered
sitting in my training class
in august of '12
and josh came in to talk to us about retail support
and he seemed like he hated every single one of us
hahaha
and i didnt know his name
but i said
hahaha
I WILL BEFRIEND HIM
im not even kidding
i set out to do that
ya did
and it fucking worked
I'm the opposite in that area
I'll like
be sitting in class jotting down notes  and when someone looks at me I hiss at them
HAHA
i do the same thing
BUT
when you want to do something
tell me that you know you can do it
because i know that you know that you know that you can
no matter what
hahaha
today some kid tried to talk to me after class about how hard the material was and I kept running from him instead of just small talk
wait could you repeat that
or rephrase it
HAHAHAHA
NO
without all the word repetition
haha
JUST TELL ME ABOUT RUNNING FROM THIS KID
hahaha
he was like MAN EXPONENTIAL FUNCTIONS ARE SO HARD MAN HE DIDN'T EVEN GO OVER THAT and i was like YEAH SERIOUSLY MAN (---THEY WERE SO HARD IN HIGH SCHOOL BUT THIS IS COLLEGE NOW EITHER STOP BEING STUPID OR STOP TRYING TO FRATERNIZE ME)
the parenthesis are thoughts
then he awkwardly made a phone call
or pretended to
and I scurried off
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
your thoughts
are the best part
yeah...
I have monologue running through my head all day
of what I'd like to say to people
but I never do
(YOU DON'T HAVE THE GUTS)
I DO TOO MAN
RIGHT HAHA
it's like I have a friend in jesus
except I don't believe in him
and I'm crazy
and don't really have a friend
you got a friend in me.
don't start
YOU GOT A FRIEND IN ME.
hahahahahah
WHEN THE ROAD LOOKS ROUGH AHEAD--
AND
YOUR MILES FROM YOUR NICE WARM BED
MOM'S SPAGHETTI
HAHHAHAAHAHAHA
YOU'VE GOT
way to ruin a precious moment brought to you by disney
MOM'S SPAGHETTI
Disney's toy story's rand newman's "you've got a friend in me"
hahaha
I hate the fb feed
it looks like it did in 2006
I just got used to the new one
hey so youre like my best friend in the world and im always crying and saying no one cares about me but thats not true, several people care about me and i just dont appreciate them enough on a daily basis/
That's true.
Would you believe me if I told you I do the same thing?
I just don't talk about it
maybe that's why I'm so fucked
I rarely share feelings or anything
and you tell me everything
haha
at least you know what you're dealing with
i dont know why but today i really have spent some time evaluating where i am in life, and it's really not a bad place.  ive got you, and chris, and travis, and josh, and kendall, and every one of you guys love me in some way or another
Yes.
objectively it's not a bad palce
lace
it's just...You get stuck on the little things sometimes
i do
its hard for me to see big picture stuff
But that's okay
it is
I've noticed that
i have so many things to take care of that i micro manage and it drives me crazy
YES.
and when I try to tell you everythings okay, the ONE thing that isn't going right seems like your entire world because of your "micro management" and I can't convince you other wise
wow that sounded SUPER patronizing
no homo
I mean
whatever
HAHAHAHA
i mean i understand all of my flaws
i am understanding them more every day
that's fantastic
but dealing with the flaws is different
I wish I was more intuitive
you dont think you are?
haha
well
I am when it comes to how I'm feeling, and what medication changes probably need to be made. (calls dr. john.)
but not about who I really am, what I'm like, how to live
I'm just not intune with myself
if that makes sense
I'm OBSESSED with big picture
I don't see any small stuff
ever
ohhhh i see
well
this is because
you are working, right now, in school, on the big picture.  it makes sense that that's all you would focus on.  youre going through hell to reach your big picture goal right now.
MY big picture goal is only achieved by lots of small picture details
thats why i freak out about them
That makes sense
you need those small details
you need them to work or everything else won't
like your animals eating
which is kind of big
yes
but it's really a detail if you think about it
exactly, in my plan, the smaller details do matter.  in yours, they dont so much.
i focus on getting good grades and memorizing but not necessarily what it is I'm memorizing. unless it's relevant. That's what they drill into your brain which is stupid
I just kind of flow through
not being perceptive
so when something small comes up
thats how i was in school
like unless I'm seriously interested
I just memorize. I have a steel trap memory.
That's no good though
haha
and yeah I remember that's how you were haha
i feel really bad because i was so interested in anatomy but the parts that were difficult for me, i just set out to memorize, not learn.  now, i cant remember any of those things.
both travis and josh have borderline dads
thats weird
that's such a rare chance
and Yeah you really liked that class and you were good at memorizing
I thought you were going to be a mortician or something. (If I'm remmebering correctly) lol.

And I was going to be piano master
I feel like if life would have turned out like that
we would have hated it
i agree completely. i did want to be a mortician but that was in the past.  if i had gone through school, started doing internships, and THEN discovered that my passion has nothing to do with college
i would have been fucked
ExAAAaactly. What if I had gone to music school and then realized that there are no jobs, everyone is just as good or better than me, and I'm in debt that I can never repay?
I would have been fucked
DUDE THIS TIES INTO EVERYTHING
LET ME TELL YOU
last night
tell me
i was telling chris how much i LOVED playing viola
how it made me feel invincible
we were perfection
we were the best
oh strings
but i knew that after school, the only continuance of being in an orchestra is to go to school for music.  and i just didnt have that in my heart, and thats why i quit playing.  because if i wanted to still be in an orchestra right now, i would have to find some misfit drop outs with instruments or a very very talented private rchestra that i wouldnt be good enough for
that's why I want to live in a biggish city after school. There are community orchestras that would accept me and I could still enjoy it
just like adults playing for fun
no scrutinizing teachers telling me to quit
no tears
god I cried far too much because of the violin
That shouldn't have been it.
It should have been fun
i know man
i cried too
i hated it
we were GROOMED
basically
to be nazi players
I wish they could redo the curriculum and make it fun for kids. There has to be a better way to teach
music is good for young minds
but crying over it
not worth it
they need to pull jesse out of the strings program
he made me cry so much haha
HOWEVER
someone like him
would do well
in a SERIOUS program
he could train string players
I mean they went bck to the nationals and WON
like a private school with moms who drive BMWs
yes
thats where he should be
not teaching kids from south park
jesus
haha
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
OMG
RIGHT
dude
how did mr. murray even get a music degree?
how is that guy EVEN in the SYMPHONY?
he was a nutcase
I HAVE NO IDEA
and I was better than him
hahahahahaha
you were
it was embarassing
hahahaha
did I tell you
His college recommendation for me
was less than a paragraph
it was insultingly vague
the guy knew me for ten years
hahaha
AND HIS KILTS
hahahaha
hes an ASS
I skipped 75% of his classes second semester senior year
got an A
you skipped about that first semester
F
hahahahahaha
or was it junior year
i dunno
either way
LOL
he hated the both of us in one way or another
dude hahaha
i always made up excuses to get out
i told him i had important things to do
oh yeah
he was an idiot too
ANATOMY CONFLICTS
that was one of mine
I didn't even take it the last year I used that
yea man hahaha i used to beg you to come to strings
like dude please dont make me go by myself
its so awkward
I remember that
dude like
i am so blind sometimes
tell me about it
i need to take time out and just pay attention to those who pay attention to me
oh
not literally
I am literally blind
hahahahahaha
HAHA
I need to do that too
everytime someone makes an effort towards me I ignore it and then complain about being alone
thats exactly what i do
hahaha
o course
i have spent the past hour just thanking the people who love me for loving me
hahaha
I have the number of like two people who I was friends with for a day in august, and due to my nature ignored that fact and claimed I didn't have any friends
"hey, man. People tried. You're the one who is doing this."
said me to me
But honestly, I don't know how to talk to people unless it's about school or something professional. I can't be social.
haha
its very hard
you have to have a genuine interest in someone to care about them
im stating this for both me and you
RIGHT
you need to find people that interest you
like we don't want just people to be around
exactly
we want to enjoy the people around us
like real friendships
yes, closeness
not fake shit
not getting fucked up acquaintances
exactly
haha
that's what friends are to a lot of people
it's hard to emotionally bond with someone
my friends are you
so thats why its hard for us to make friends
and my friends in morgantown
but I need friends here
I complain too much about it
it is hard
THERE ARE CLOSE TO A MILLION PEOPLE HERE AND I'M COMPLAINING WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME

*walks away smugly*

*goes to bar*

*rejected by cougar "MILF"*
HAHA
dammit
josh's sister is coming in, no brunch, AGAIN
i shouldnt have blown him off
i feel like a serious ass munch for that
hahaha
I want brunch
I can't wait to come back in for the summer
four more weeks or something
and weeks go by like *snaps* *whoosh*
they do, 3 weeks until my next show!
I wish I could come
I will send proxies of course
i know, but youll get one eventually
the next will be in july
and then october
OK
and the repeat
that's perfect
woo!
something is wrong with me
i have to actually do some work before i clock out haha
WHATS WRONG
I jsut got called mam for the 5th time on the phone this week
TELL ME
this has been my hell since
WOW
my whole life
awwww
i get called sir sometimes
and referred to as male
thats why i started wearing make up i think
to show people that im not a dude
I can't reverse wear make up
my dentist receptionist and my moms coworkers
dear god
Maybe I'll remove my face and put it on them
HAHAHAHAHA
i have to do some actual work before i clock out
so please let me do that
and i can talk to you tonight
haha
YOU ACT LIKE THIS IS MY FAULT
bye
its not your fault
bye
heyyyy
Hi there
hiiiii
how are you?
nan
How are you
perty good
getting some baby cuban knight anoles tomorrow
they look so crazy
I dunno what even kingdom of animal that is
hahaha
Help me here
Haha
google knight anole
they get like 2 feet long in the wild
theyre the largest anole species
What the fuck is an anole
Ok
are you serious? hahaha
theyre in petsmart always
theyre like feeder lizards
Just looked it up
I know mow
"The green ones"
yes
green lizards
is what people say
hahaha
That's what they are
The great green lizard
hahahaha
but theyre not just green
theyre cool because theyre so big
And green
yes
and green
im going to play along here
ALL I DO IS GREEN
EVERYTHING I DO IS GREEN
SMOKE WEED ERRYDAY
GREEN MEANS WEED
YO
nan
got this girl this morninig
look at the business card
LOOK AT IT
That business card is fucking unsettling for me hahaha
Fuck that
HAHAHA
well
let me tell you
the little baby IS HER!
not only is she a super star, because those business cards are the fucking coolest, but im the very first one to get one of these new cards, plus the gecko used on the card was sent to me :D
That's awesome
But I'm not artsy or cool enough to like a card like that
It scares me
But I also want what that hand has
I dunnp
I'm conflicted
HAHAHA
i mean
lizard fingers would be cool as shit
except for when you needed to use your hands
for anything
at all
Hahahahahahaha
Same with candy hands
Think about it
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
CANDY HANDS
Wondeful thought
But unit
Omg
Auto correct
hahahaha
hahahaha
Trying not laugh in public
well good luck
Also
https://www.facebook.com/SanatoriumHospice/photos/a.480175548661859.117533.480169731995774/794496700563074/?type=1&theater
Based on what I learned in psych today,  I think I have a personality disorder in the odd cluster
What is that link
tell me about the disorder and then ill resend it haha
PMG
I already clicked it
But I just have a personality disorder that involves social isolation and weird thought processing. Maybe borderline delusions. I love giving criticism but can't take it
I CAN NOT be normal
Not because I don't wanna be
But because it's obvious I'm a nut case to everyone around me
wait let me try to understand haha
Damn
I'm truly making an example of myself
haha
i dont feel really socially isolated.  thats the one big difference between us.  i guess my line of work makes it so i cannot be socially anxious anymore haha
That is a big difference.  But part of it is my choice to be alone. I feel like I hate people. But CAN that really be true
YES.
haha
i mean
you dont hate them
you hate how you recat to them
I reject them
react
That's true
And b3cayse of that I reject them
3
3
33
also, some people are truly terrible to be around haha
I.e. college students
yes
very much so
hahaha
Right hahahaha
so what is the disorder called again?
Idk. I just know it's in the "odd" cluster of personality disorders. Like how borderline and antisocial are in "dramatic."
oh i see hahaha
i didnt know they classified them like that
"odd" and "dramatic"
hahaha
The other one is anxious
huh
There are ten disorders in three clusters
interesting
Yeah haha
i wish i had all the free testing you do haha
I'm going to request testing from the shrink I'm going to see tomorrow
You were right
It was lame of me to refuse tests haha
i told you
lolz
nan
learning about yourself is understanding yourself, understanding yourself is helping yourself
TREAT YO SELF
-drake
HAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahaha
jeeezusss
quick
name three female child stars
Mary Kate Olsen the other one and barbie
no no no hahahaha
name three
name them
and not barbie
dummy
Okay
Mary kate and Ashley Olson,  Lindsey lohan
Why
because my new gecko is a child star
and i need to name her after a human one
Okay wait
Who was that lady
Who got famous at a young age
-.-
Did a lot of drugs when she was like 12
drew barrymore
Did a nude scene at 13
but she has a dude name
HAHAHA.
Yes
she was my first thought
hahaha
is drew a good name?
Think of a variation of thay
Like
Drake
NO
Or draco
hahaha
shes not a dragon
shes a gecko
i could name her geico barrymore if we're going that way
shirley temple
im so dumb
"It came in a box which said in bold lettering, The Waffle is the new Taco. Already this made no sense."
hahahahaha
well
technically
the taco is the new waffle
taco bell now serves breakfast tacos
read and laugh
http://www.vice.com/read/the-taco-bell-breakfast-has-arrived?utm_source=vicefbus
oh my god
" I took my first bite without adding any sauce of any kind. It tasted like nothing."
HAHAHAHA
"I moved on to the AM Crunchwrap, which I think is Taco Bell's attempt to mimic a McMuffin. I only say this because it's round."
hahahahaha
how disgusting
I was
ew
ew
hahahaha
i want to try the AM crunchwrap
because if its good, thats my go to
i love crunchwraps
that's the only one i would try
the rest of it is filth
BUTTER AND SUGAR FILLING
hahahaha
dude no
those cinnabon things
are awesome
its like a cream cheese icing filling
it only tastes buttery because its fried
The photo just doesn't do it justice
IT reall depends on the taco bell
like how
the two in kc
the one on 38th is so bad
but hte one at the kanawha mall isn't
dude
hahahaha
My cousin just posted
?
"shout out to the extra smart police officer, who pulled me over this morning because of my e-cig. Ten dumb dumb points for you. Also, super thanks for making me late for work."
This is you
but vaping
it will happen
hahaha
HAHAHA
wait he pulled him over thinking it was drugs or?
"He thought it was some kind of marijuana vaporizer,"
I  AM DYING
yep
tthey got chris in walmart
HAHAHAHAHAHA
a police officer grabbed his arm
and was like
WHATS IN YOUR HAND
it would smell like pot
hahahahahahaha
he made him vape and show him how it works
to make sure it wasnt drugs
it smells like candy and asthma medicine
HAHAHA
it also tastes like that
nuh uh
just the candy part
dude
there is now a machine
that translate dolphin to human
*thanks aliens for SUCH USEFUL technology*
......BUT WE STILL HAVE CANCER
*millions die in poverty with dirty water*
hahahahaha
arigh
tt
lolz
its like
4:30
which is almost
7:30
only three HOURS
to GOOOOOOOOOOO
dont even say that hahaha
i dont want to count the hours
i now know why i love charlie the bird so much
https://www.facebook.com/CharlieDayQuotes/photos/a.232027940185633.61660.231759790212448/640613172660439/?type=1&theater
OMG YES
I LAUGHED SO HARD AT THAT I COULDN'T BREATHE
hahahahaha
BIRD LAW MAN
birdlaw
ITS A THING
like
fuck
what is it from arrested development
nautical law
or something
hahaha
i think so lolol
It sounds less real than that
theyre always on a b oat
at the turning point
of any plot
in that show
that's true hahaha
here
have a box of vipers
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=651913238190148&set=a.105204372861040.3220.100001144326754&type=1&theater
god no
so eerie
aaand my systems shut down again
it happens like 3-4 times a day
what?
the system i use to do my work shuts down because its a POS
its called RightNow
fuck that
i call it
hahahhahhah
MaybeLater
was it designed in hte 90s
that soudns very late 90s
early 2000s
Rightnow
one wor
d
probably
this company has been using it, im assuming, since there was social media
haha
you know what's a really fugly word
it just makes my skin crawl
fuglky
omg
hahahaha
fugly
that's the only way to describe it
It's so bad
I have to revert to 2006 catch phrases
to demonstrate
HAHAHA
what is it
now I've built it up for nothing
hahahaha
the adjective 'vascular' paired with ANYTHING
blughhhhh
especially things that aren't vascular
i used to use that word in class, when we were studying VEINS
hahaha
HAHAHA
VASCULAR BREAKFAST
VASCULAR GROUNDHOG
thats called an IV
VASCULAR MOLE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
hahahahahaha
VASCULAR SAUSAGE
VASCULAR EGGS
EEEWWWWW
ew waait that one sounds like cock
like some fucked word for cock
VASCULAR SOCKS
HAHAHAHAHA
COCK IS A FUCKED UPW ORD FR COCK
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"so I heard jenny let jack fuck her with his 'vascular sasauge'"
hahahahahahaha
VASCULAR GLOVES
these hands
god
gloves covered in animal veins
or human
idc
it's your choice.
omg dude
vascular sausage
yes
is so gross
hahahahahahaha
I know
I love today
It might be
the most FOUL word for penis EVER invented
and I did it
no dude
because of taco bells breakfast
there are worse ones
I know
but those don't exist to me
can i tell you the one i hate ht emost
hahahaha
because they gross me out more
NO
YOU CNA'T NAME GROSS WORDS FOR PENIS "TO ME"
NO
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
shut up
dear god hunter
i hate you
hahahahaha
I just saw a commercial
for mens briefs
with like
some kind of internal padding
WHAT
and this portly fellow was like "GUARD YOUR MANHOOD"
HAHAHAHA
it lasted what 5 seconds
Idek
idek
sounds like
ibex
but
idek
eye dech
i dick
YEAH hands
YEAH TOAST
YEAH
holy
omg
hahaha
in psych before eeryone left today we received this papers to read
and I just pulled mine out
and it said
can a 9 year old be a psychopath
and its like a serious new article
HAHAHAHAHA
hahahahahahhahaahaha
like WHAT
WHAT
NO
hahahahahahaha
hahaha
im sure they can be
NO THEY CNAT
I mean they can be fuck asses
but not psychopaths
FUCK ASS
HAHAHAHA
I love that term
i mean
a child could easily be a sociopath
think about it
when a child is born, it only has the ability to survive
or, to help it survive
by "manipulating" its parents to love it
naturally
thats how it works
what if the kid just never learned empathy
there have been some fucked up kids
question
ask one
is it weird that the way i view humans
is not as "above animals"
no
but rather, more intelligent animals
humans are really primal
but heres the thing
we are animals
i view us like i do my animals, because i have to pay so much attention to their living requirements for them to bhe healthy, and it bothers me SEVERELY that we are not living by our own recommended living requirements
no one does
its bothers me
daily
every day
i look at my food
and im like
this doesnt belong in my body
Like in order to live long healthy meaningful lives
we need to change
RIGHT
it's probably something synthesized and then mashed in a facotyr
it's not food
but it is
exactly
i feel guilty for us
as a species
like
we cannot care for ourselves
we can't
and we know this
so we let rich men shove garbage down our throat
because it's easier
we don't think twice about it
some of the food we eat is chemically close to rubber
i know, my dad tells me that when he worked with carbide he was around a lot of food products.  nacho cheese i believe is wax, chemically.
EW
yeah
like one or two molecules separates food from material
it's just
that's an awful thought
if we had to grow vegetables and hunt
most of us would die
hahaha
i wake up every day and eat a kashi bar, and thats basically it.  if i get too hungry to go on, ill eat something out of the vending machine.  i am too poor to eat healthy, and too disgusted by my options to eat poor.
I see what you mean
I wish I could cook healthy food daily
I had a pimento cheese garlic spinach bagel for lunch. It was wet. That is literally disgusting.
hahahahaha
i keep doing this thing
here's the kicker
where i will buy food to make healthy meals
I put cream cheese on it
and never be able to make them because i cant afford all the ingredients
HAHA
HAHA
dude that's a sad tale
this link was just posted on my timeline
http://www.smosh.com/smosh-pit/articles/ways-hack-your-ramen
om
g
I know we were just talking about food that's bad
like ramen
but omg
i have like 5 lbs of flour in my house because i said we needed to start COKING instead of microwaving or warming up our food, and it's still the same.
checking out the ramen thing haha
dude
omg
PIZZA WTF
the mac and cheese
it looks potato
dude there's a tv contest for a free conoloscopy
what is life
people are that shitty
that someone has to MOTIVATE THEM
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
to take care of themsevldes
A FREE COLONOSCOPY
IS THIS REAL LIFE
yes
YOU COULD WIN
i cannot believe that
thats insanity
but then again
who could afford it otherwise?
no one who needs it
that's where we are now
lol
well
it's directed at older men obviously
and a lot of the retired ones CAN afford it
but think negatively of it
So let's have someone have a contest
OK
WOMEN GET BUTT DISEASES TOO
I know
like chrohns
i dont think i spelled that right
hahaha
but they're more health conscious
That's a FACT
no, we just feel more guilt about health
and you did
either way
women are more likely to seek treatment
that's the statistic
yes totally i would agree 100%
chris just
DOES NOT CARE
about his health
I wish he would
and im like IF YOU DIE BEFORE ME I WILL BE SO ANGRY
hahahahahaha
seriously dude
thats some real life shit
GOOD MOTIVATION
the threat of your anger at his deathbed
yes
exactly
hahahaha
never go to bed angry
its similar
kind of
hahahaha
hahahaha
WELL
"Obv you'd be bummed if you found out your kid did drugs, but imagine the horror/embarrassment if you found out they vaped."
HAHAHA
WTF IS THAT
Rob delaney tweeting magic
HAHAHAHA
love that guy
he is super into vape jokes recently
like he just discovered the online presence of vaping
and he follows it
I think he's vaping
thats so funny
good for him
tell him i say
HOORAY
i will feed the e liquid to child
dance on body
youre killin me hahahaha
you know what I hate about the media
they say
wat
"neurotoxin" to make it more interesting
YES
in high doeses nicotine is a neurotoxin
so is anything else in high doses
so is hot sauce from taco bell
your nervous system is all throuhout your body
like
hell, mild sauce even
STOP MEDIA
I KNOW YOU LOVE THE WORD NEURO
HAHAHAHA
BUT YOU'RE SCARING TEENS
DONT SCARE THE TEENS
LOOK THEYRE RUNNING AWAY
like those fuck asses who are like "PLAY OUR ONLINE GAMES, THIS IS BASED ON THE SCIENCE OF NEUROPLASTICITY!!!!! DONE BY NEUROSCIENSERS"
SHUT UPPPPPPPPPPPpppppp
*teens look up, blank look in eyes, retreat into forest, running with arms like grrilla of the forest*
gorilla
*jeans rip*
*turns puke blue*
*kills journalists*
dammit to hell
HAHAHAHA
hahahaahaha
jeans rip
kill journalists
hahahahahaha
im shaking with laughter
HA
HA
HA
HA
HA
HA
It's like on one of my mad libs
I did something like
dun dun
dun dun
dun dun
like we said it in a certain way
omg michael we have started mad libbing real life.
but it was in the palce of one word
hahahahahaha
we FUCKING HAVE
HAHAHAHA
YES
WINNING
ALL THE WAY
double rainbow
-kendrick west
(so pop culture)
OH MY GOD
ANOTHER ONE
i dont know who that is
"Vaping: Since you can't smoke your bluetooth, Corey"
im sorry
hahaha
it's a name I made up
HAHAHAHAHA
that soudns rapping
you cant smoke your bluetooth
omg
omg
omg
hahahahaha
hahahaha
ive gotta go to lunch in a b it
whenever josh clocks out
he's late usually so
probably not for awhile
thanks for that
hahahahahaha
i have to tell you
so you dont freak out
when i stop responding
weirdo
jeezx
ok
brave hands
Hey #teens: I have a "Friend with Benefits." His name is Jesus Christ.
hahahaha
teens, take these brave hands in yours, and come with me, to the benefits land, called Heaven (sponsored in part by jesus christ)
(and joseph smith)
(and the wholly ghost, not the partially ghost)
*jeans rip*
*face goes pale*
*ascends to heaven violently thrashing in opposition*
HAHAHAHAHA
what you just described
what the fuck is wrong with me
hahahaha
in an alien abduction
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
i cant type im laughing too hard
omg
*arrives*
"I AMMMMMM GOOOOOOAWWWEDDDD*
(combo verbalization action)
YES YE SINDEED QUITE QUITE YOUNG CHAP
CHAP CHAP
CHAP
CHAP
CHEERIO
PACH
patches
practice
practice it
go practices patching your jeans
patches is the cutest kitty in all of the land "patches, show everyone your awards" *patches reaches into fur coat, pulls out awards, shows them to people* *glimmer*
"patches has a very vascular sausage"
*patches stands before their crowd, in front of a tapestry draped in regalia*
*all hail*
what have we created
NOOOOO PATCHESSSSS
*loses innocence*
hahahahaahhaha
hahahahahahaha
to patches
im dying
he writhes in pleasure pain
PLEASURE
PAIN
PLEASUREPAIN
hahahaha
"patches what happened to your jeans"
"oh god"
*patches begins the ascent into the sky*
"not again"
BAHAHAHA
NOT AGAIN PATCHES
NOOOOO
he #returns #cockless
*aside*:"at least hell come back with more medals, eh?" *chuckles knowingly*
hahahaha
I think this is the most fucked up conversation I've ever had with you
like what IS THIS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
we're just TALKING
about NOTHING
KITTEN ALIEN RAPE
AND TEENS
hahahahaha
no oen said rape
TEEEEEENS
im dying
hahahaha
all parties are willing and #ready
youre just a #trending #machine
I am #so sleek
OH GOD MY JEANS
MICHAEL
*I begin the ascent writhing in pain*
LOOK AT YOUR JEANS
LOOK WHAT YOUVE DONE
I literally can't breathe right now
IDIOT
hahahahahaha
"OH GOD MY JEANS"
like wtf
hahahahhaha
is that a sign of alien abduction
now
hahaha
no
OK
*michael sits in tub fully clothed, the water begins to absorb into the JEANS, the JEANS begin to swell*
MICHAEL IS NOW TRAPPED
before it was me turning into a "puke blue" hulk
omg
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
hahahahahaha
OUKE BLUE
THE JEANS BEGIN TO SWELL
BAHAHAHAHA
PUKE
JEANS
im dying dude
this is ridiculous
i laughed so hard
that now im like in cold sweats
not lying
*aliens scanning earth for specimen*
"found one"
*all aliens look to leader in questioning and confusion*
"all old people who know what a colonoscopy feels like"
*prepares the metals*
FOUND ONE
hahahahaha
*medals
you mean
no
MEDALS
metals
for patches
hahahaHAHAHA
wait
Patches
we had a thing about this yesterday
I spelled metal like medal
Patches is their lead surgeon
hahahah
*PATCHES WE NEED YOU*
*flies in writhing in mid air, humping angels*
"im hurt"
*CALL IN BACK UP SURGEON*
"there he go"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
shut up
i have to look non crazy
for my job
hahahahaah
okay
I GET THAT
SEEEEEEEEeeeEEEEE
im sorry
humping angels
hahahahahah
ok
I'm done
thats what did it for me
that made me die inside
of laughter
*chuckles*
*warm heart*
*now so cold*
JUST ANNOUNCED
The saga continues...
*patches arrives, scanning the war torn arena of his ejuaculate, wondering where it all went wrong*
*jeans descend from gods jeans drawer in heaven*
"THE JEANS"
*dogs enter and tear patches apart*
DAVE CHAPPELLE IS DOING A SHOW IN NYC
FIRST TIME IN 10 YRS
BE EXCITED
holy shit
omg
WAIT
HOLY SHIT
WHERE DID THE DOGS COME FROM
the jeans "synthesized" them
(they aren't real dogs)
HAHAHAHAHA
JEAN DOGS
hahaha
fucking jeans dude
jeans
JEANS
OMG THE COMMERCIAL
p*pants pups enter*
"THE SYMPTOMS CAN BE UNPLESANT TO TALK ABOUT)
pants pups
THE CHRONS AND COLITIS FOUNDATION OF AMERICA
WIN A FREE PROCEDURE
hahahahahahaha
*Pups erupt from soil pistons*
PISTONSSSS
hahahahahhhhaahhahahahaha
"god is real"
*fucked to death*
HAHAHAHA
help me
fucked to death
TO DEATH
hahahahah
TO DEATH
THE MORMON JESUS
GOD
when i hear a news story, and someone gets "raped to death", i laugh
so hard
im sorry jesus
H.I.M.
im so sorry
that's not my name
it's
THE MORMON
jesus
I am mormon
no
youre finished
You're stinky.
THIS IS FALSE
FALSE ACCUSATIONS
hahahahahahah
FALSE
*the FALSE alarm begins*
I literally can't stop laughing
or saying stupid things
me neither
false alarm
GET IT
GET IT MICHAEL
HUH
GET IT
hahahahaha
oh god
they're in the jeans
they're organic
and reproducing
patches
no
SOTP
STOP
HAHAHAHAHAHA
IMD YING
*patches spanks himself to kill the organisms*
*he writhes in pleasure pain again*
*spike lee enters*
no stop it
omg
*spike lee exits*
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
*patches is taken again*
"no"
LEAVE PATCHES ALONE
...screams teens
hahahaaha
his ass is gods
(what)
its like god saying "your ass is mine"
but he speaks in third person
because
I AM GOD
hahahahahaha
YAIIII AHMMMMMMM
GYAWWWWDDDDDD
the new paranormal activity movie
we must watch
together
*flies straight to DVD*
we must
rememnber that fucking movie
we watched
with the indian cult
hahahahaha
FOURTH KIND
and the long armed aliens
the indian cult....
yes
what? hahaha
it was a bunch of snuff films
combined
OH YES
into a film
I LOVE THAT ONE
and there was a scary indian man
omg
V/H/S/
YES
THERE'S A SECOND ONE NOW
OR WE DID WATCH THE SECOND ONE
WAIT
WE DID
we watched the second one
i think
yes
yeah
we did
*remembers now*
thsoe aliens scared the SHIT outta me
i liked the devil cult more
hahaha
dude
that
what was it
a baphomet looking thing
dear god
that haunts me
haha
OMG
I HAVE TO TELL YOU SOMETHING
THE GUARD YOUR MANHOOD GUY
IS ADVERTISING
MALE DEPENDS DIAPERS THAT ARE TINY SLIPS YOU PUT IN MENS BRIEFS
OMG NO
HAHAHAHA
PADS
PADS FOR MEN
yes
hahahhahahahhahahahahaha
BACK CRAMP
*rumbling through bones*
i must go to lunch
"patches is always behind you, but every time you try to look and see he disappears, and ever time you try to see him in the mirror, you enters your small bowel"
HAHAHA
BRB
ok
bach
,Yo Hahn sib as ti ahn
lolwut
josh gave me food money because i have none hahaha
Sound it out
That's nice
johann
so
only one hour
and some minutes
left
PATCHES NO
it was so weird like
i walk outside
and all these people are just like HUNTER YOUR OUTFIT OMG THOSE SHOES YOU LOOK HOT
and josh is just standing there haha
what a baby for not indulging you
hahaha
dude
seriously
tell me
Is this just stress or something else?
I just looked in the mirror, and my eyes actually look sunken in my hea
d
well they are
youre fine
hahaha
i promise
youre fine
like yesterday
I opened my eyes really wide in the mirror to put my contacts in and they didn't look like this, now when I do it my eyes are obscured by that...weird..optic bone
gahhh i hate that
hahaha
ARE THERE BONES IN MY EYES
TELL ME NOW
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN
around them
hahahaobviously
hahahahahahaha
but WHAT AM I
you are a
michael
I'VE NEVER HAD THIS HAPPEN
AND I'M CRAZY
SO I THINK I HAVE A DISEASE
yes that is how i am
haha
dude someone just posted on the tm fb
"im so existed, i got my tickets!!!"
-____-
s according to an ophthalmology website it's dehydration so I just need to drink like 20 bottles of water
i was, not even joking, going to tell you that youre probably dehydrated
It makes sense
I only had one bottle of water today
and a coffee and a sugary hot chocolate
and tha wet bagel
yes thats not a good thing to eat hahaha
we're so similar
i was outside and im like
ive had a kashi bar today, hopefully i wont pass out before i leave
hahaha
hahahaha
I just refuse to eat food that's gross
josh is just like, christ, hopefully?  just take my change and go eat something
but I can't ffford that.
i literally have no money
for some reason though
theyre just in my purse
have not eaten them
lol
who's in your purse
pretzels
*shhh quiet pretzels*
dude hahahaha
I jsut looked again
online
and it said "you might be losing weight in an unhealthy way" and I was like FUCK THATS TRUE BUT I CANT AFFORD TO EAt MORE
THATS A CROCK OF SHIT
D:
i know those feels...
i had $8.25
but then i took chris took mcdonalds
hahaha
and i bought
blernts
hahahaha
I am currently chugging waters and heating up frozen food so I don't die of a neurological condition that I know I have
(my life)
I ALWAYS THINK THAT
nothing else
what neurological condition will kill you if you dont eat TV dinners?
hahahaha
I just "have a neurological condition and Im going to die"
I've thought I've had a brain tumor for like ever
I know I don't
but Something wants me to think taht
that
AND ALIEN HAND SYNDROME
i would rather have cancer
than get a blood clot
is that bad?
hahahaha
no
well
yes
a blood clot is instant death
cancer is a process
where you think you're gonna die
go into remission
come out of remission
battle CRIPPLING depression
pray for death
and eventually die looking like an 80 year old
blood clot is quick
no no but blood clot could be in your leg or something
and then if you find
it
youre like
DONT MOVE
but you cant make it not move
it could go anywhere in your body
you kill yourself
basically
you are making it a thing when its not
you dont just FIND a blood clot
hahaha
My grandpa had one in his leg for years and years and didn't die from it
he was on blood thinners
sometimes i will bump into something and hurt myself and not notice it until it's swollen later and i think it's a blood clot
HAHAHAH
I think that's crazy
but my evidence of dehydration made me think I had a brain disease
so
hahaha
give patches a chance
patches gets all the chances
no
patches can only have as many chances
as he does
MEDALS
*glimmer*
*patches paws become hands*
"show it to me" said a teen
*patches pistol whips teen to DEATH*
HAHAHAHAHAHA
pistol whipping: hilarious
always
to deat: hilariouser
DEATH
am I funny or are you just as crazy as me
are either of us even funny at all
or just
insane
i dont know if we're funny
because like
i laugh
you laugh
no one else laughs
hahaha
then it spirals
out of control
bella thinks I'm funny when I do *these* jokes
that's the only reason I'm concerned
i try to like, use the same kind of conversation format with other people
and it doesnt work
because obviously she'sgonna say I'm funny
REALLY
THATS SURPRISING
SO SURPRISE
MUCH WOW
The very few friends I have get this humor we are engaging in
It's like
ironic commentary in a lot of ways
in some ways it's emphasizing useless words
HOW DOES NO ONE GET YOU
YOU JUST DO WHAT I DO
AND LIKE 3 PEOPLE GET ME
minus you
2 people
who else understands?
i need to meet these people
hahaha
i met scott donowho just know
so scared
so so scared
i thought he would have like a suit and tie on
but he didnt
My morgantown friends. Bellas friends kind of get it. Anyone who follows me on twitter. I share these thoughts with twitter a lot
now
twitter knows hunter
OMG
WHO IS SCOTT
who the FUCK is SCOTT
GREAT SCOTT
hes like, the director of almost everything i think
hes the boss
hes scary
hes one of the bosses
oh like the big boss
is he big
he was very tall
and skinny
and dressed so casual
i swear to god he was wearing cowboy boots
just like me
omg
you reign supreme
maybe
he scared me so bad
i dont even remember him being here now
hahahaha
fear memory loss
it happens
It does
*you reign supreme*
I like that
froggy #fresh
apparently he is
the VP of all call centers
not of LN or TM
just the call centers
josh says thats like being VP of mcdonalds
I bet he makes good money
but
what a lame title
yes hahahaha
that's like being the mayor of everyone in town who lives in a brick building
mayor
but
not mayor
exactly lol
but i was SO SCARED
I COULDNT SPEAK
was he judgin you
moms spgahetti
baptize me
in the river jordan
" lordmacbayne:  He is one bad year away from asking people if they want to super size."
hahaha
I get what he's saying
but I don't get how it pertains to your call center
haha
(remember, I don't work there)
i mean, he was HERE
in person
these people dont ever come here
yes
just on rare occasions
just to look at you 
*looks at you*
"make your hands rough with work underling"
*types so hard you benjamin button yourself*
HAHAHAHAHA
wait
don't
i have no idea the premise of benjiman button
don't try and make sense
he ages in reverse
benjamin
hahahaha
i always spell it wrong because my brother goes by benji
that sounds like a wild cat
is he a wild cat
I'm thinking of bangle
is that ferrel
WHAT
hahahahaha
benji the dog
hhahahaha
I just chalked on my dinner pizza pocket morsel
CHALKED, REALLY?
*clap clap*
*dust clears*
*out of the ashes, the savior jesus christ arises, holding patches the cat. Patches had been killed in a twisted bedroom practice*
WHY CHALK
CONCEAL THIS YET AGAIN
i have to do work now haha
im so sorry
I know
wait no
?
marteen mc quad swoops in and saves the day
How?
hes taking most of the work
so im good
lol
then read my new story to me
picture by crayon
HAHAHAHA
why do I keep stuffing my face
then saying things so you'll laugh
just to choke
do I want to die
hahahahaha
stop stuffing your face
alright but admit to being Sikh
im so sikh right now
sooo SIKH
(ew)
*unfriend*
i will unfriend your face
never though
just kidding
this is the end
*dragged to hell by teens who went through a "gothic phase" and died before becoming adults*
oh my
the worst type of demons
ones the whine
ADOLESCENTS
YES
oh god
they're having protected sex
they kicked my dog
and gave me a chain wallet
I am INNNNNNNNNNNNN
HAHAHAHAHA
CHAIN WALLETS
*swipes new "HIM" debit card at gas station*
here is your skoal
HAHAHAHAHAHA
YESSSSS
My lower mouth is like an old buttocks
release me from this
What are you even hahaha
you don't have an old butt chin
I just choked laughing
I lost all color
reading what I just said
and thinking about it
THE skoal has HURt ME
You lost all color
my veins constricted all ranch from flow
*god
you're*
Do not say ranch and veins together
Pls
My veins run #thick with ranch!
It's like #milk, but #sour and full of cells
Nooooo you're describing puss
Nooooooo
; )
*the band enters stage left*
We are PATCHES 
*begins guitar riffing*
*patches descends from heaven to reward their hands with cocoa butter*
Thank you 
*tits*
dude
I'm sorry
I couldn't stop laughing at the dude
who said he fed his anoles maggots
Idk who that is
but they just made my day enjoyable
thats chris' ex best friend
who is a junkie
and just got out of rehab
and has kidney failure
That's no good...
(didn't see that coming)
hahahaha
he's a piece of trash, it's okay
I just began to creep on him when you explained that
haha
yeah
I assume
hence the "ex"
what did you post?
hahaha
i dont see anything
I posted Hahahahahahaahahahahahaahahaahaha
but I deleted it
hahaha
just because there's literally no point
you canm still post that
if you really wanted
WHY DOES THIS DUDE CLAIM HE HAS LIKE SIX COLLEGE DEGREES. Is he insanely smart or an insanely bad liar?
ALSO
I'm gonna repost it
omg
dude
the tattoo you posted
why
he went to college and dropped out
he's like 35
hahahaha
THOSE ARMS
I'll end them
Maggots don't look like worms at all dude
maggots are squirmy
waxworms
REALLY small
what are those?
google waxworms
OH GOD
hahaha
i dont use them
they dont move enough
the critters dont recognize them as food
because they don't move?
yes
shock them with electricity
that oughtta do it
almost leaving time SUCCESS
HORRAY
ANOTHER DAY
ANOTHER NEUROTOXIN EVADED
yo
yo
yo
Sittin in my office with a plate of bacon, I called my man dwight just to see what was shakin
yo
HAHAHAHA
i would have never remembered that song
yessssss
if you didn't say electricity
at that EXACT moment
i didnt remember until you said it
scranton WHAT the electric city
scranton
WHAT
*motions to michael*
THE ELECTRIC CITY
THEY CALL IT THAT CAUSE THE ELEC TRICITY
what is that called
when a word
does that
electric city
electricity
illiteration
i dont know
rhyming?
hahaha
meter
doing it good
*insert all english language terms here*
NOTED.
time to go hoooome
G'BYE
l8s
CAN I ASK FAVOR
im super busy, whats up?
then never mind! haha. It's not big deal
no ask haha
TOO LATE.
I was just told that I have classic anxiety coupled with social anxiety. (oh really).
i could see that easily
haha
I was told
I have REALLY specific routines...good and bad, and I do't want to break from them because I'm not comfortable outside of them. Talking to people is different than answering a question in class, because it's not programmed, it's not routine, its improvised.
I do the same things every day.
haha
yes ive been told the same thing
my psych asked me, during the pre-evaluation
if i have any "routines"
I was told that my good routines are studying and my bad routines include but aren't limited to doing everything bellas mom wants and letting her control my life. She like armchair diagnosed her as borderline after I described my life hahaha
MY OTHER GOOD ROUTINE
I USE A FACIAL CLEANSING CRUBS
WITH EXFOLIATING BEADS
AND CRUNCHES
I CAN DO 1000 NOW
(luagh)
you do crunches?
hahaha
no
that's from american psycho
i was gonna say, thats crazy
hahahaha
i know
hahahahaha
lolz
THEN WHY'D YOU ASK ME
HAHAHA
i wasnt sure
im having kind of a shitty day
whats wrong
someone who bought a gecko from me put a water bowl in with it and it drown last night, and she acts like i should have told her it was capable of drowning
and then josh pretty much confirmed that i should have told her specifically not to use a water bowl
and im like, fuck all of you guys
wow
I dunno
I would figure that a water bowl is too much water no mater what size
and that small animals
are capable
like humans
of drowning
yes
i mist my animals, all of them
like
I think I knew that
haha
THEIR FAULT FOR NOT DOING THE PROPER RESEARCH ON A DELICATE CREATURE BEFORE BUYING IT
if the gecko only weighs as much as a single penny, maybe be super careful with what you allow it access to
josh is mean
=/
yeah
lol
he's wrong
that's not your fault lol
he was just mean about it and then when i tried to change the subject and ask him about something else he's like NO IM BUSY
like, fine, fuck off
he's probably just having a bad day like i am
im assuming
that's a good assumption is he's usually not mean
i have finally convinced myself that i dont need to worry about him hating me over something stupid like im always afraid of
i dont like to even mention his name, but YOUKNOWWHO made it so that i though everyone would hate me if i said one simple thiung they didnt agree with.
it made me terrified to be myself in front of people i want to be friends with
but ive gotten over that
i know who my true friends are, and honestly i hate the word friend, i feel like friendships with substance should be a category of their own
I'm sorry I'm multitasking could you break that down (not good at multi tasking)
im not great at it either
im just saying
im no longer afraid of being myself
because normally im afraid that my own personality is too much for people, and i will scare them off, and theyll abandon me
but the fact is, thats not going to happen
because im a nice person
im kind of crazy but im nice
this is true
you dont know anything about my life as a teenage robot
i forgot that show existed
hahaha
(double entendre KING)
hahaha
whatever
im actually the kind there so
king
wait no
queen
you can't even talk
ass hole
give up
you're done.
so you can be king.....i guess
you're the  archduke
tell me how much of a hypocrite I am
earlier
well
the other day I saw a dude on a skateboard and I was like you're fucking 22 what the fuck is wrong with you jack ass
then
today
I saw a girl on a skateboard
and was like "she is so rad"
HAHA
you said this to yourself becauyse
SEXUAL FRUSTRATION
hahahahahahaaha
shhh dont tell chris but theres a guy who works here and he look slike beck and he's like kind of grimey and looks like he just flew in on a hoverboard from the 90's, and he's cute, but if i saw a girl like that id be like WTF GO DIE
i have not had sex in a while. (thinks about girl doing KICKFLIPS)
actually i dont think thats true because ive never seen a girl like that
I DID THINK THAT AT FIRST
hahaha
she wasn't like one of those
faux skater chicks
with dc shoes
she was like a preppy normal girl
skating to class
and i was like
"I'm OKAY with that"
that's what got to me.
haha
it's funny how even though we are the same mentally, you are just leaps and bounds more normal than i am physically hahaha
what
hahaha
you just look normal
i look like an insane person
I look normal to avoid being noticed
(obvi)
DUDE
today my therapist said I was internally smart and kept implying I had a low "external" intelligence
hahahaha
hahahaha
I felt
you paris hilton bitch
almsot offended
you
No she's externally smart and internally stupid
She's rich for being noeone
hahaha
DUH
also
fuck off
hahah
i wish i had a person to analyze me daily and tell me these things about myself
youre so lucky
don't hate these *bangs*
and this *ass*
HAHA
that's not an action
this is new
very imaginative
what the hell are you talking about
hahahaha
I used
* *
around words
that arent like
"doing"
just random nouns
I imagined
a nice techno blasting noise and each word brought to life
i hate bringing this back up, but MXE has helped me recently
(sighs without care)
tell me about it hunter
it allows me to dissociate with reality just enough to shift my perspective and see things with less of a bias towards them
how the designer drug has helepd you
Combine your last to messages
and you sound like a textbook drug addict who shouldn't be using drugs
(the end)
Chris is a huge child for getting that for you in my opinion. like are you kidding
(first time anger in a while it seems)
I can't think of one way to justify it
=/'
i guess since yorue on your way to being a doctor, i should not expect you to understand
*youre
That doesn't mean anything
I udnerstand the recreational use of drugs for pleasure
but not to make life easier
I know
don't say it
but you know what I'm talking about.
im not doing it to make life easier
that's how the phrasing came off and that's why I'm currently typing with angst
I'm okay with drugs, just not designer drugs.
That was where I took issue
i guess
Other than LSD. Which is in a way a designer drug. I don't know if that makes me a hypocrite or if LSD isn't a designer drug
Anyway
when you live in such a groove, a routine, a sedentary life where you work to live and live to work
sometimes you do things just for the experience
I suppose so
i mean, i sit in the same chair, at the same desk, every day, every week, every month
im not learning like you are
i have no more education
You don't have to justify yourself to me
not justifying, just explaining
I don't think you're some kind of imbecile
okay
I see
I mean I get where you're coming from
the benefit just doesn't outweight the risk for me
but again
I'm not in your position
you probably wake up and, even though you hate going to class, youre excited to retain more information, to move forward towards your goal
when i wake up in the morning i just think, i have to go do busywork for 8 hours, and then ill be right back
yes, there's truth to that
yeah I see what you mean
one day i wont be in this position any longer
but for now, im just trying to make something of the time i have to spend in this phase
See
I totally get that
We're just different in that way
I think
that If things were reversed, I'd have the same opinion
to a degree
obviously
the way we act is simply a reaction to the environment around us
we are in two very different environments haha
That's one way to think about it.
But that's very narrow
they way we act is in our control to a certain extent
the big things
the little things
are all reactions
yea
real quick
letys run through every theory of reasoning
right now
hahahaha
hahaha
they're actually working on a theory of everything
I honest to god
don't even know what that means
who is "they"?
hahaha
just a think group that gets to decided what the world means?
theoretical physicists
they do get  that privilage
unfortunately
haha
well
fuck them
why
fuck them in the A
though
no
to what I said
I agree with you
haha
f them in the a with patch's d
dude
wait
patches
hahahaha
WHICH ONE
lurnch
brb
0k
holy god. house ants don't really eat geckos do they
not unless youre dumb as shit and let them build up for days
that girl is retarded
OH ok
that was TRULY upsetting
lol
ants are the reason cresteds are almost extinct
how could she not know that
I figured only violent eastern types of ants would be capable of that
that's INSANE
yep, they eat em in the wild
they were thought to be extinct until they were rediscovered in 96
I wonder why. That's so weird that ants go after something so  specific. and fleshy
well, they go after what they can
Dude I began to look it up and there are literally hundreds of idiots who leave their geckos alone for days and come back and realize ants have taken them
like how could you not notice
exactly
i hate people
haha
oh shit
not only do the ants eat the geckos, but the ants also eat what the geckos eat
yep
theyre destroying them
That's rediculous
ridiculous*
I hate the way that's spelled.
hahahaha
i need to go get a burrito for lunch
or i will maybe die
Burritos are swell
i want one like omggggg
i would punch someone in the face for one
I want one of those burritos
THATS NOT THAT BIG OF A DEAL
hahaha
"I would totally punch someone in the face for something"
how about
i dont want to say i would kill someone, because thats a lie
hahahaha
"I would kneecap someone"
hahahaha
I WANT A BURRUITO HOLY SHIT
BUROUTBUHOEHWOTIO
hahaha
i have to go get my haircut today. and i found out, the closest barber shop is 'themed'
so theres that
HAHAHAHAHAHHA
HAHAHA
yeahp
whats the theme???
it's like
'old fashioned'
blerg
whatever
dude i just discovered a whole other line of geckos that i can produce, by crossing the offspring of one of my leopard males to my other leopard male
i can make something call a snowglow
well it would actually be a snowglow enigma het raptor
but crossing something called a sunglow and d reamsicle
hahaha
thats a lot of adjectives
for me
hahaha
its very confusing haha
the end result's genics would be
mack snow, tremper albino, hypomelanistic, enigma, het for eclipse
all that!
or, a snowglow enigma het raptor
hahaha
(such clueless)
i feel smart when i talk about leopard gecko genetics because they are genuinely confusing
and i just learned them recently hahaha
i don't get genetics of any kind
especially leopard
or gecko
or both
such adj.
hahaha
yes i know
if you talked to me about brain stuff
i probably wouldnt understand a lot of it
PUNNET SQUARE
such knowledge
that's the only thing about genes I'll ever remember
TRAITS YOU WANT
TRAITS YOU DONT WANT
WHATS IT GONNA BE
(traits you dont want because god isn't real)
as far as im concerned, i am god
or rather, as far as my gfeckos are concerned
hahaha
As far as I'm concerned I'm god to me
righteous
*RIGHTEOUSSSS*
I'm gonna start spitting random facts at you about thing I'm interested in when I don't understand your reptile trait talk
(some will be made up for funsies)
HAHAHAHA
for funsies, lets do it
why the heck not
FOR FUNSIES
FUNSIESSSS
is the nice of way of say
saying
"shits n giggles"
which is a not nice way of saying
"just because"
it is because that's an AWFUL term
IT STARTED AS A NICE SAYING, CHANGED INTO A BAD ONE, AND THEN RECHANGED INTO "FUNSIES" TO BE NICE AGAIN
YES.
funsies
funssssiessssssssssssssssssssss
are fun onesies
DONT OVER ANALYZE THIS
acdc
im reading a fauna BOI thread
which is like, where people go to report shitty reptile breeders
and the "biggest" crested gecko breeder int he world, who is a fucking DICKHOLE, and called me "ursula the sea witch" got in a huge fight and got banned
and it's fun to read, because i hate him
why did he call you that
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHA
that is the funniest insult i've ever heard
omg
hahahahahaha
because he's an ASS
i asked him, in a nice way, basically why in THE HELL he would charge 1,000 dollars for a fucking 3 grams TINY ASS DUMB GECKO
he got mad
but i was nice
you should have told him he's ursulas   sister from the litter mermaid 2
(I'm an adult male)
HAHAHAHAHA
i never saw that
but it's okay, josh was in the disney store the other day and was sending me photos of dolls he wanted
of disney princesses
weirdo
I didn't either. I just saw the case as a child. there's an ursula in the back and a thing scary version of her
okay that's just fucking insane
hahaha
he loves disney movies
thin*
and he is a little gay
so he loves the princesses
some of them
hahaha
that is irrelevant to the fact that like a very small number of gay man actually like princesses. Partly because they're adults hahahaha
Come on josh
BAHAHA
he sent me GIFs of his nephew being adorable
awh
i swear to god its the cutest kid ever
his name is
get this
atticus
like atticus finch
are you kidding
yes haha
that's so SHITTY but SO AWESOME
like I feel so bad for the kid
but I don't
hes an awesome kid from what ive seen
little redhead
so adorable
BOO RADLEY
i cant stand it
HAHAHAHA
hahahahahah
BOO RADLEYS APPLE TREE
hahahahahhaha
jesus haha
work is like non existent todaY
its awesome
tha'ts toast
yeah toast!
yeah hands
can I ask you a question
yes sir
is skype a much bigger deal than I think it is? because for some reason bella views it as like some kind of night out or something because if she has one thing to do on a day that I ask if she'd like to skype, it's like "oh today isn't good for that I've got ____- to do." It's only ever good when she has an absolutely free schedule.
thats really weird, i always thought skype was super easy for people because you dont need to plan to do it, you just do it when you have some free time
THAT WAS MY THOUGHT
like if you have 30 minutes lets do that because it's bette than callling
but she views it like it's some big thing
well i dont like video calling, maybe shes uncomfortable with it
that could be true
i actually hate it haha
I like it because she sucks at talking on the phone. She doesn't have the attention span, and she admits to that. I just can't text my entire relationship haha
aw =/
I just asked and she said "possibly." LIke wtf does that mean
haha
i dunno i feel like she should be able to skype you if she misses you
i would skype chris
that's my point
well poop
ask her what the big deal is
it's not like you have to get ready or anything
I just did
She tends to make everything into a big deal. Not like "dramatic" but it's like a big deal for her to go somewhere and do something.
well im kind of like that, im super lazy haha
I think it has something to do with her never playing an instrument/sport/having ANY extra circular activities/clubs or anything when she was younger
just lazy
haha
you aren't lazy like that
haha
I'm lazy
i mean im not lazy when i want to do something
but not THAT lazy
I know
but i dont want to do a lot of things
haha
same here.
Bella is a strange one, I'l say that.
OH ok. So she is packing and spending time with her mom today because she's leaving tomorrow
(sense)
leaving for where? brb walking outside
She's going back to school
and ok
how often do you see her now?
Once every three weeks or so, but the next time I'll see er (this coming weekend) it will be over a month because of money
i thought it was longer than that, i guess thats not so bad.  hows the florida situation?
It hasn't come up again.
My theory, (and my therapists theory), is that her mom is just having a manic episode
and is jsut saying things
It's not feasible realistically
ahhhh
like my mom does
Yeah
like "im gonna pack up and sell this house and move"
just getting excited
like shes been saying for years
about these "plans"
YES.
ahhhhh
haha
youre good then
When I was in there she armchair diagnosed bellas mom with "ambiguous personality disorder of some kind"
hahahaha
yeah I think so!
hahaha what a vague diagnoses
but true
http://www.buzzfeed.com/keelyflaherty/classic-childrens-books-retold-for-adults
every time I describe my relationship with that woman to a therapist they always tell me I'm in a pseudo relationship with bella and her mom, and act like I've been traumatized. hahahaha
what am I abotu to click
you and chris should form a support group
and its funny stuff, read it
lol
Fuck the police corduroy said
hahhahahahahahaha
omg
hahahaha
yes
i love this link
THE SKIN HORSE
OMG
I FORGOT HIM
I LOVE RAIBOW FISH
YESSSS
THE SPARKLES
omg i bought harvey a swing like charlie's
hahaha
he hasnt figured it out yet
"every body poops nothing is sacred"
HAHAHAHA
omg the wild thing sone
wow.
not there yet calm down!
hahaha
OK
"because ill also have to pay god damned taxes"
hahaha
dude i want to be a writer for buzzfeed
or vice
that would be such an awesome gig
it would dude
a GIG
for ME??
https://www.facebook.com/Ticketmaster/posts/10152326424883641
lordy
(Christ)
oh lawwws
wanna hear a pathetic story
yes
I haven't used cash in so long that I forgot my pin number, so I just had to call huntington to have them mail me a new one
(am adult)
omg thats terrible
hahaha
but funny
HAHAHAHA IM AN ADULT AND CHRIS JUST GAVE ME A "TRAINING BOTTLE" OF WATER
he said theres hole sin it so if i squeeze it when i drink, itll be all over me
he says i have to stop sucking water out
hahahahahaha
why
hahahaha
im still laughing
hahahahaha
i cant find them on the bottle but i know theyre there
that's so weird hahahah
hes upset that i find it funny
hahahaha
hes like NO DONT LAUGH
hahahahaha
"you just look like you've been in the desert for 3 days every time you have a bottle of water"
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I do that too
im laughing so hard
I ANNIHILATE WATER BOTTLES
ME TOOOOOO
and then crush them with my strong hand
I DO AS WELL
I CRUSH THEM
AND THEN PUT THE LID ON
YES
SO THEY STAY CRUSHED
YES
SO THE AIR STAYS TRAPPEd
AND ITS ALL FUCKED UP
ITS THE ONLY RESPONSIBLE WAY TO DRINK WATER, OTHERWISE YOU ARE TAKING UP EXTRA LANDFILL SPACE WITH THE AIR INSIDE THE BOTTLE
OMG HAHAHAHAHA
"when you're out until the wee hours of the morning getting "drated", it effects the people around you."
he says hes going to poke holkes in all of my drinks
so i cant squeeze them
noooo
FUCK THAT
SQEEEEEeeeeEEzezo t
HAHAHAHA
"Hunter Armstead:  
hey, im drinking the water man 3:16 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
WHOS THE WATER MAN? 3:17 PM 
"
hahahahahahahhhah
im dying right now
hahahaha
my burrito is being made
holy shit
have you heard of this movie called like the purge or something
it's the wierdest concept ever
just saw an ad for it on youtube
yes
i want to see it
me too
i must watch it
TONIGHT
hahaha
I really want one of those crunch wrap breakfast platter delights
i got a motherfuckin burrito at my motherfuckin desk
its go time
ENJOY
oh boy AM I
i look like a monster with this giant foil wrapped burrito on my desk hahaha
I am a monster
why do emos invite me to metal shows
I'm not a part of that garbage anymore
GET OUTTTTT
hahahaha
MEDAL
hahahahaha
patches.
supreme court in connecticut rules that horses are "naturally vicious"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
yep
hahahaha
well makes sense
that's historically
the WASP-iest state
so
explain again to me
what wasp means
hahahaha
White anglo-saxon protestant. High-status wealthy americans of protestant english descent. It's a derogatory term for fancy white people from "old money."
hahahaha
i love that so much
WASPS
fucking wasps
buzzing about
fucking their cousins to keep money in the family
stinging poor people
HAHAHAHA
omg
thats so funny
( i know comic genius kiss my ring )
NOW KITH
HAHAHAHAAHHA
hahaha omg chris said
"I dont want to actually be a satanist  4:48 PM 
but I'd like to know a few governing principals so I can shut jerome down when he asks me to go to church 
"
OMG I FOUND THE FUNNIEST KAITLYN JENKINS THING EVER
HAVE TO SCREENS HOT
screen shot
fucking alien hands
nan
Wtf does this even mean
Like are those names of people who lived
she mispelled the word intelligence, while talking about how she loves intelligence
Hahahahahahaha
OHHHH
I seee
Lololol
Perfect
i know
i cant say anything to her
but
i had to show yoiu
hahaha
Stupid teen
okay so the new guy
one of the new guys
theres two
Just like the office
one just left, the other replaced him for the night
Continue
yes
hahaha
he brought in "something to put in his cubicle"
its a canvas
with a TERRIBLE painting of a landscape
with a purple sky
Hahahahahahahahahagaha
I'm going to choke
He's an idiot
Lol
hahahahahahaha
Like he thinks he's good
Please tell me he does
Or someone he loves painted it
And they're both idiots
he tried to show me the "wind" in the painting
Hahahahahhahahahahaa
dont choke to death please
hahahahaha
I'm in public and this is so funny idc
I can be resuscitated
hahahahahaha
he told me
the purple was
AURORA BOREALIS
Jdj
Ksb
Bd
Xjd
Zzbd
B
Did he god damn it
SAY THAT
Like
AURORA BOREALIS
hahahahaha
YES
hahahahaha
How did you. It laugh
Not laugh
Like really
That's
I don't
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
because i bottle it up and then laugh twice as hard when i share it with you
duh
I have a hard time bottling laughter
theres one guy in retail support
The northern lights.
let me show you now
hahahaha
Hahahahaha
this is his business page
josh is his boss, btw
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Eagle-Eyes/282777271882314
I can't now
I see the nmae
And i cant
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
no dude click it
I will when I go back upstairs
please for the love of god
Also I did and saw the eagle
I can't read that now
you have to see it to fully get the effect of the story im about to tell
Pkay
Okay
Then hold off for about ten
Haha
okay will do
The northern lights are God's angels at the #discotheque
While dance is their primary focus, sex is not out of the questions
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
dude
i have to tell you these things
go somewhere
so i can tell you
because im dying of laughter
Go ahead now ig
It's a painting business right
not really
just click and see
Wtf
Ok
okay so
that guy PUNCHED HIMSELF REPEATEDLY at work, and got in trouble with HR.
he had like an autistic episode
Is that a map and a tiny hand bag
Wtf haha
What
HAHAHA
Why is it basically all eagles
also
That's so boring
HE LOVES EAGLES
he signs EVERY PAPER....with a CARTOON HORSE
What an ass hole
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Fuck this guy dude
Is he a brony too
That would just ice the cake
HAHA
probably!
he has a violent war cry quote on his desk
*ovulates*
Yes
omg nooooo
Yes
josh is working on finding a picture of the guy's signature/horse
HAHAHAHA
"signature/horse"
THATS MY HORSE
Wha5
Hahahaha
Is he a man or a little girl
man/girl
you no
nan
Yeah hand
nan
PATCHES NO
nan
Patches tes
*tes*
*oh tes*
*patches observes his paw pulsating along with the vibrations of the mother earth*  WHERE WILL YOU BE WHEN WILL THE ACID KICK IN
kicks
Hahahahaha
damn
It was more sexually driven but that's the jist
Also I went with a word that was misspelled and made it way too purposeful hahaha
OH TES
AC8D
what is
the chemical compound
AC-8D
Get goats
Rack em
GET ALL THE GOATS
GAH OH NO
BOBBY, MY GOAT GOT GOT!
No
"Lol no".
K?
"lol no"
patches runs this town
SO GET OUT
What have we done
WITH THESE HANDS
No
Patches
We've created some
Weird thibg
Idk
Idk what this even is
Hahahahahahaha
patches is an entity now
we just dont know what kind
No hunter
....he's a deity
PATCHES, NO! *cheap sound effect echo into the darkness*
nan
"Fuck yourself literally for me on cam"
*patches to the masses proclaimed*
HAHAHAHA
dude
martin's gf's friend who lives with them
is a cam whore
he hacked into her PC
anmd found her tokens
hahahaha
-_-_-
That's twisted hahahahahha
-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-
how many faces is that
TELL ME
YES OR NO
NOW
One.
It is my face.
correct, he is just shaking violently
Or that Hindu god with like 20 faces
Or am I thinking arms
There's a lot of those
nan
NO PATCHES
NO
PLEASE
GOD NO
He will finish you with his claws (haven't been trimmed in a WHILE and he hasn't had his wet food)
hahahahaha
wet food
i got the man's HORSE SIGNATURE
nan
i hate him
that looks like a stuffed horse
HAHAHAHAHA
HE SIGNS PAPERS LIKE THAT!
HES AN ADULT!
what a piece of human garbage
it looks like there's "stitching" around the horses's face
hahahaha
the fact that he signs with his horse
NAMED TRIGGER
he is like obsessed with old timey battles and wars
I think it's interesting
like
what the fuck happens to people as kids
that causes them
to become adults
that are jsut kids mentally
i dont even know how some of these people got jobs here
like
THATS WHAT IM SAYING
if i someone signed an application with a horse
come on
HAHAHAHA
DSERIOUSLY
hahaha
wait
he probably did
hahaha
hahahahah
hahahahahahaha
TRIGGER THE HORSE
the dude is a child
he ha ssigned CONDOLENCE CARDS with the horse
-______-
josh is like the king of the island of misfit toys
but instead he's the boss of the misfit employees
that's a very true statement
hahahaha
two girls in that department got fired, and i know they dealt heroin
one guy back there is SUPER gay
then there eagle eyes
HAHHAHAHA
Eagle
and just abunch of weirdos
okay so the dude signs for his paychecks with a horse sometimes
is nosferatu working there
HAHAHAHA
this building is amazing
that's the level of weird
that's where we are now
i dont know if i would ever want to not work here
Haha!
im serious
even as a successful person
i would want to be a part time employee here
just for the fun of it
HAHA
I kind of get tht
man i wish you could work here haha
just for the hilarity of it
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=226558427541521&set=a.181779055352792.1073741828.181774778686553&type=1&theater
omg
read the comments hahahaa
the corners of his lips suggest that he chugged a Hi-C orange just before this selfie
HAHAHAHA
ecto cooler
much knife
such stab
wow
hahahaha
ive got terrible burrito burps
they haunt my body
I just ate a vegetarian "wrap" of some kind
I hate my self
hahahaha
we ate the same thing
but slightly different
mine had a strange sauce
describe it to me.
tangy
but not painfully tangy
it was orangeish yellow
I be leave  it was youngling spitup
ewww very tangy
stomach acid is just so *ZESTY*
and hot and #nice
like smelly ham
oh my god
ewwww
noooo
I hate people who do this
"My dinner > yours. 5 cheese tortellini with homemade Alfredo sauce with some garlic bread. Delicious!!"
*posts photo alogn with status*
WELL AREN'T YOU COOL
ABLE TO MAKE DELICIOUS MEALS
WITH NOOOOOOOOO REGARD FOR MY NEEDS
HOW ABOUT YOU TAKE YOUR MONEY FOOD AND SHOVE IT UP YOUR ASS, THATS WHERE ITS GOING ANYWAYS!  THATS RIGHT, IM SAYING YOUR FOOD IS...
SHIT
SHIT
SHIT
SHIT
SHIT
SHIT
-wolf blitzer
yes
wolf said that
to me
did he have his yoga pants on
maybe
whos asking?
christ jesus
(praise him)
YOU BETTER
he's been watching you closely as of late
don't soak up all your last chances on one big kaboom
I caught him showering with patches
child
chris just sent me this :O
http://io9.com/tag/e-vil
i dunno what im looking at
it's a lot of different hings
i know hahahaha
i dont even know what it is
My brain is out of weird juice
oh noes
go drink some more
its rare and only found in certain candies and steams
HAHAHA
elixers
oh my god
Potions
?
HAHA
yes
potions
PATCHES NO
I'm currently having to explain that white people can't be discriminated against
I'm going to kill myself
not like in the literal sense
of descrimination
but in the sense that "white face paint" on a black guy isn't racist
LIKE WHAT IS MY LIFE
WHAT
HATS
HATS EVERYWHERE
SHAT THSTA HSTA HATS
AURORA BOREALIS
NORTHERN LIGHTS
no wait
say it again
AURORA
BORE
ALIS
ah yes,
thee "aurora borealis"
...
the northern lights!
*wise old man voice*
i heard that in an old man voice
for some reason
That was my goal
i must leave this place soon
and get groceries
was he charismatic
so i dont starve alone at home
ok
yes
he sounded like
well
wise
hahaha
YES
gotta leave
bai
I hope Harvey gets better =[
me too : ((((
im a fucking idiot
just keep him really warm and make sure he eats and drinks
Why?
What?
i read online that if they only eat seed they will die, so i was trying to only give him an equal amount of dseed and pellet.  he wont eat his pellets.  i think i was unintentionally starving him.  An d I didn't know that you have to change the vitamins in the water every other day.
That first part isn't true.
yeah
It wasn't your fault
just make sure he HAS plenty to eat
he made be super super hungry
and dehydrated
which is better than sick
ive never seen him drink
and now he may be too sick to  eat
Well heat and humidity is really supposed to help them and as long as the food is THERE and the water is THERE that's something.
also
I dunno about this, it's just a theory
but I know that I used to spritz mine with water every few days, maybe spritz him with lukewarm to warm water?
I'm just a little freaking out about this
ive read that if theyre wet at night they can get cold and get sick
DAMN
Yeah that's true
we have a night heat bulb on him
well that's good. I hope it turns out ok :/
i do too
i really really do
Birds are so personable. It's like having a cat or a dog.
i know
i bonded with him
i love him
I know the feeling. They are bonding animals
thats why i got harvey
i wanted a friend
:/
im a wreck dude
I would be too
I've had a lovebird fly away in kanwha city, and return
what
thats so crazy
Yeah. So don't get mopey JUST yet. I'm saying he's could very well get better now that you realize what MIGHT be wrong
i really hope so
watch the new ghost adventures with us
now
pls
i can link you
ok
LINK me
in the intro you will see why i sent this to you haha
or chris did rather
tell me when to play
I honest to god dont know how to get this to play lol
help
click "free"
then press the play icon
then press the next one
ok its buffering
i don't htink it's supposed to take this long
should I try another link
ours is working fine
mine isn't
give me a season episode
that one doesnt have a name on there yet
ok
got it
okay!
is it working?
hitting play
gogogo
Holy shit ARE YOU AN ALIEN
YES
HAHAHAHA
nan
yes
nan
haha
nan
hahahaha
stahp
nan
I've never been given so many
Sry
A GUY KILLED HIMSELF
EGAD
Hahaha
That's my underdtansing
Rather than call the cops he cleaned up the crime scene hahahahahaha
115%
I think you're literally 1 second  ahead of me hahahah
NO IM DELAYING MY COMMENTS
DUFUS
No you're saying things before I see them that's why I said that
DUGUS
Dugus
pause it and tell me what second youre at
Okay I'm at 452
okay
go
Haha alright then
YES I LOVE THIS
BATTLE OF LA
So cool
ALIEN.
YES
THats exactly what i said
haha
I've seen a documentary with interviews with people who watched that shit from their back yard and say it was fucking aliens
i need to watch those
WE NEED TO WATCH THOSE
NOSTALGIA
We will. I have a list of my favorite docs. We will watch them and speculate about patches existence
YES
THAT SOUNDS
delightful
Hahahahahahahaha "Radcliffe the apartition"
ASHLEY
The voice doesn't have a country accent why did he give give it one hahahaha
his finger tattoo doe
Hawt
killed himself
KILLED HIMSELF
I can't keep up with your types
I'm on my phonw
RADCLIFFE
hahaha
WAS THAT EMINEM
IS EMINEM A GHOST
It was Larry
???
LARRYYYYY
Hahahahahaha
"It's Larry now"
Marty is a spirit sketch artist
HAHA THEIR TECHNNIQUR IS LESS SCIENTIFIC OMG LOL
Pause at 14:00. I need two minutes to go fetch my laundry
WE MUST WATCH AT SAME TIME
im feeling a younger man
okay
Go
some idiot teen took my clothes out and some were #moist
wait no
go back to
14
05
oral tradition world war 2
michael perry
stepping foot inside
what
ok
hold on
man with mustache
fatal accident
as marty continues
hes sketching
HES SKETCHING

JUST BLACK
I CANNOT SEE ANYTHING
WHAT WAS THAT
IT SOUNDED LIKE SOMETHING GETTING PULLED ACROSS THE GOUNRD
"I REACTED TO IT"
MUCH SCARE
half the shit they hear doesn't seem like I'd even notice it/be afraid of it
yea
they just want to hear SOMETHING
they dont care if its a ghost sneezing
They hear horses and assume zebras
YES SPIRIT BOX
YESYESYES
omg
hahahahahah
thats the best metaphor ever
Hahahahahahahaha
What the fuck
Going to a bro party
Is like investigating the paranormal
What metaphor did he use?
i was talking about horses and zebras
HEAT CAMERA
YES AGAIN
Occams razor.
and I LOVE THIS SHOW
and THEIR DESCRIPTIONS
HAHAHAHAAHA
zac is such a fucking douche
and attention whore
its so funny
his little camera games
YEAHHHH..........
"im on tv, im zac bagans"
What the fuck even IS this spirit box
like
I LOVE THE SPIRIT BOX
do we have the technology or
its the best evidence
yes
what is it
it cycles through radio stations
and if theres a coherent word or phrase
it means it wasnt the radio
because the stations are changing
Ohhhhhhh
Ok
and its white noise
I see
nan
yes
hahahaha
oh my god
he's pointing to the god damn sketches
hahaha
OMG
deep mans voice
JAYYYYYYSSAAHHHHNNNNNN
SPEAKING TUBES
whose voice was in there?
WHOSE WAS IT
TELL ME KNOW
jasons
lololol
VOICE PHIPE
PIPE
wtf
hahaha
fipe
he said recorder way too many times
VOICE....PIPE
hahaha
I'm gonna hit record on this recorder and stick this recorder in this...voice...ppe
ppe
HAHAH
OR WORLD WAR ONE
HAHAHA
HISTORY IDIOT
ARE YOU AN ALIEN?
ARE YOU AN ALIEN
why would he say that
hahahaha
like
why would he be an alien
help me here
an alien needs to come through the spirit world
yea right
psh
what
thats not a thing
hahahaha
BANG
*replay*
BANG
*replay*
BANG
replay
BANG
replay
replay
ass hole
LISA
?
LISA
fUCK
I SAW LISA
no you didnt
liar
I heard a mans voice
on my headseat
bruhhhhhhaf
that sounded like
"naked erin are you there"
uhhhh
*replay*
uhhhh
*replay*
uhhhh
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT UFOS
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAH
I REALLY DONT THINK THAT HES AN ALIEN
if he was
yea that makes zero sense
i don't think he would answer to that
hahahah
yeah
like
what
you can buy a spirit box
WHY DID THEY SCREAM
hahahaha
JASON
LISA
they made the voices scream
for dramatic
*effect*
LIIIIIISSSAAA
i hope an apparition disembowels him
just kidding
I like that word
what if the sketch comes off of the wall
and forces itself down his throat
hahahaha
then
thats great tv
that might happen
It's not an organic thing
so it won't bother e
it's just paper!!!!!!!!!!!
*lol*
portaaaaal
pratole.
~~nick cam~~
he didn't say that
WERE DOIN AN ALERT
hahahahaha
RISE AND SHINE SOLDIERS
WE'RE DOING A DRILL
what the fuck
hahahahaha
i love aaron
like this is lame
bring the other dude back
Hahahaha
WERE DOIN AN ALERT
NO EVPS
OMG lol
NOPE
head and shoulders
shampoo
fucking shit
thats crazy
that's a light anomaly
There is not a figure
I miss the episode where they went to the music club
with the devil.
yes
those were great
bobby mackeys
AND THE X BOX THING
haha
IT WAS LIKE JACKING OFF BESIDE HIS BED RAPIDLY
IT SCARED ME
omg he was ahahahaha
you need to see
this one episode
its a newer one
ill have to figure out WHICH one
this season
but a figure
CLIMBS NICK
ok haha
on the xbox
oh no
HAHAHAHAHAHHHAHH
HAHAHHAHAHA
CLIMBS HIM
( i laugh before I'm scared obi )
but OMG
CLIMBS
what do you mean
like
in a human way
or like
goes up him weirdly
like a monkey on a tree
hahahahaha
AHHHHHHHHHHHH
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
IT COULD HAVE GONE IN
we're going to find it
hahahaha
INSIDE
I have the protection of #patches
I am so weird about that
WHAT IF IT GOES
"INSIDE"
and LIVES
#patches has #medals to protect us
but
watch episode one season 9
i think thats it
if it isnt, just keep watching from there
but im pretty sure
I'll book mark it
do it
ITS LATE FOR ME. I'll sleep too late tomorrow haha
I SHALL
okay haha sorry this is my only night to stay up
AND PARTAYYY
(watch ghost adventures)
yes
same thing
shut up
it is
i think if harvey makes it through tonight
he may make it
but he may not
: /
ill have to get another bird at some point if he doesnt
which i dont want to do
but i do want a bird
I know
and you think it's a nutritional thing?
he's dead.
: [
I'm sorry
we're going to freeze him, then we can bury him and thanatos together
Ok. That's nice.
I did something similar when my bird died when I was younger
this sucks so hard
I know.
:/
petco is going to refund us...what about lovebirds?  i found a pair on a bird group for 50 dollars, theyre young
The one I had was mean. I don't know much about how they generally are. They aren't hard to care for.
hm....what about quakers?
So wondeful
The best bird I ever hsd
Had
BUT there's a chance it's only gonna like you. They can be weird
Mine loved me, but didn't like other people without a lot of exposure. They have personalities
well if i cant find one by sunday we're going to a bird breeder's expo in marietta Ohio
That sounds cool
i dont want to have to drive that far but now i literally have empty nest syndrome
i miss harvey
i cant buy another cokatiel, it would feel like i was replaving him
replacing
Yeah exactly
It it's feasible Quakers are really awesome. They're super talkative as well
im watching a video of one laughing at its owner
its hilarious
hahaha
dude, so I posted something on tumblr, tagged "teen vaping" in it, it got a bunch of reblogs, and now all of these vaping blogs follow me. am i the vape king or what
HAHAHAHAHAHA
That's amazing
all hail me
king vape
that sounds like a 200th generation pokemon
I saw the most insane video today
There's this bird alex, (who was an african grey) who was basically as smart as a person, and talk just about as well. Like he was kind of an asshole to other birds even. I WAS LIKE WHAT
I used to OBSESS over african greys
I love african greys
How much so they cost?
I had a neighbor that had one once.
Dude I dunno, but they're not cheap lol
I'm about to get a parrotlet I believe
those are awesome
Ariel knows a breeder
He can get me one and bring it to me at the show
dude that's awesome/convinient
I know, Ariel is sort of like my 2nd father
He's my mentor
Or sense I
Sensei lol
He gives me shit for free, unheard of deals, and emotional support as well as real support with the expo
so
your mentor
haha
The mentor is the teacher figure correct? Lolol
Then yes
it doesn't have to be. Anyone who provides you support emotionally or in some other way or gives you help and advice. I don't think there's like a criteria haha
I am my cats mentor
Ah okay. Then yes, that's him.
HAHAHAHA
Yes
He designed his own cages right
And they're magnetic
They come apart and go together
did you post that
yes
that is awesome
Not not the Berger boxes rack
oh
It's called the instage
I thought that was cool anyway
haah
but yeah
He owns the patent on it
holy shit
that's a big deal
And he's giving me a huge one or free
For
OR FREE
DEALERS CHOICE.
(evil laughs)
Hahaha
Also
He is giving me some of his breeding groups of cresteds. I split babies with him.
So that's awesome
He's slowly getting out of the bigger breeding ruin
*thinf
Thing
And he's slowly giving his projects away to me and a handful of other nice breeders
He's a wonderful person.
A role model for sure.
What an awesome guy haha
You would love him.
No doubt
He comes to every expo so far
Where's he from
Illinois
Around the Chicago area
Aren't there other big breeders from there? What's up with illinois
Yea there's a shit town
I don't know why
HAHAHAHA
Tinley park is the biggest North American crested gecko expo
Wow
That's no suprise
I like chicago. I hope to go there one day. Lol
I think I'm going to Tinley in October, if you wanna come
Ariel begs me to lol
I WOULD LOVE THAT
Hahaha, I should have my new car by then
I will begin to save money
That would be so sick
Yep we can split it 3 ways if it's you me and Chris
It'll be pretty cheap
Yeah that's what I was thinking
Could we use your car?
I should have anew one by then
But just in case
We need a back up
What day is it on? of week
Ummm I'm not sure
Google the Tinley narbc show
Cause it HAS to be on a weekend
HAS TA
You'll find the date
Hasta
Ok
I'm super sick right now and I'm about to fall asleep but I must know the date lol
Because I want you to come
And matt!
SAT THE 11TH OF OCT
YESYESYESYESYES
Much abbreviate
it's a date
We're going lol
Now that another driver is coming we can split the drive in half!
Yayayayay!
All of my profits from my animals this season will go to that
I'm going to store it all away
I'm so excited
Awesome
shake on it!
I'm so glad it's on a weekend
My schedule next year is hell but WEEKENDS ARE NOT SO YES
Fun in lif3
This is going to be so much fun!!! We can stay they night, then hang out in the city the next day, and then go home that night
Tinley is a two day event but I don't think I need to go twice haha
Ohhhh you're the best friend in the world
Dude
Holy fuck
Let's celebrate our both days there
Birthdays
Ariel and the gang party
Yes!!!!!
OMG this is synchronicity
<3
nan
Sry
Walking hahaha
Can't do m h
Someone looked at me I can't use my arms anymore while walking so I must type at all times
Hahaha dude you've never met these people but this will be the 21st birthday bash
It's going to be wicked
It will
I'm too excited. Must sleep now. You're the best.
Sleep?
Oh sick
Yes haha
Later braj
Post haste
Feel good
heyi
heyo
im awake
alive again
welcome back, patches welcomes you
hahaha
im excited still about this trip
see my gecko friends flippin out?
lol
I do. My phone was buzzing so much it was like I had friends
hahahaha
SHUT UP
hahaha
you have friends
I have you and bella. As far as people I speak to. haha
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST LET A JOKE B E A JOKE
PATCHES SHAMES YOU.
hahahahahaha
im sorry that it got too real, too fast
it's okay (Wisconsin accent)
bag.
wisconsin
WISONCIN?
REALLY?!
hahahahahahahahahaa
hahaha
trifling
nah son
das you
Flagstaff, AZ
turner was just at my house
i was asleep until right before he left
he was very untalkative
he's a weird person. I've met him once in my lfie
he is so quiet and shy that it comes off as rude, but most of the time when he isnt shy he's really nice
so im assuming
hes socially retarded
I heard he was a gigantic dick to everyone around him. Is that true?
haha
"socially retarded"
oh well, could be
he has been very nice to me
maybes hes bipolar
I honestly don't care. He isn't a part of my life.
lol
Flagstaff, AZ
i dont give a shit either
hahaha
dude my leachies ate mice today
whaaa
Flagstaff, AZ
Was it weird?
YES
oh wow
that looks super cool
haha
she like, grabbed it and ran off with it
and i had to chase her because she was getting organs strewn everywhere
that sounds like the lyrics to a cannibal corpse song
while i was chasing her, one of my hognoses had finished his mouse and decided to snake on his sister
*snack on
hahaha
SNAKE ON.
and what
he bit her and wouldnt let go, so i had to repeatedly spray him with water until he let go
once i got him off, i disinfected her wounds, and because he is a venomous snake, she was slightly swollen on her face where she got bitten
oh no!!
whats amazing is that if the male hadnt bitten a mouse first, his venom reserves would have been completely full and she would have died from the amount of venom he has
that's awful
yet very cool
Flagstaff, AZ
Like are the wounds bad?
not really
hahaha
i think shes fine
but it was nuts
Ya I bet haha
so
i dont recall because i was half asleep
I'm glad you have interesting things to discuss.
I do not.
OH ok
but, if needed, is your car a possibility for chicago?  honestly ill probably just rent a car
No.
Here's the deal
I'll be in columbus
If I chip in as well to rent a car it shouldn't be a problem to do that
but anyway
you drive to columbus, then I drive to chicago. It's almost half way.
oh awesome =]
I'm not worried about the logistics
It'll work out fine whatever we decide
yep!!!
we just need to price everything to make sure we know how much to save lol
those are my thoughts exactly!
yea im going to
ill reserve us a hotel
Flagstaff, AZ
YEah
im going to ask for money for my birthday so ill have money for animal buying haha
I'm pretty stoked
haha!
let me price a car for us...
I wish I wanted a reptile. I think they're awesome, but I just don't wanna take care of one.
haha i understand that
crested gecko need VERY little care
like a betta fish lol
eggs
But yeah
I could totally have a crested gecko
haha
I just
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I'm afraid I would let it die
buy one from ariel
what's funny?
let him think he has convinced you to buy one hahahaha
because then you can get a cute little one for a good deal
he has NICE stuff
youd have a colector quality pet for pet quality price
that's a nice turning of phrase.
But sweet
hey, im a sale's person by nature haha
HUMMUS
did you watch that ghost adventures?
shoot no
I haven't yet
but I shall
Flagstaff, AZ
fuck me for saying shall
hahahaha
its such a good episode
WTAHC IT
WATCH IT
WATCH IT
WATCH IT
WATCH IT
Flagstaff, AZ.
ILL GET TO IT
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMg
OM
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
what
OMG
OMG
OMG
TELL ME
YOU TELL ME
if you could go anywhere right now, where would it be
WHATS THE PRICE YOU GOTTA PAY
ummm
new caledonia
fuck
I was hoping for
"Flagstaff, AZ"
(laughs silently to self until chokes)
zac myers liked my status
hahaha
hes so nice
he's the man
of course he did
hahaha
KIG OF THE CASTLE I HAVE A CHAIRE
w?
he used to be borat all of thetime
hahaha
o!
y
hhh
n m vwls rnt wrkng
quack
haha im making food and then ill check out the car cost
Ok nice
conveniently ill be 21 when i rent the car, so itll be cheaper haha
I don't think you can rent a car UNLESS you're 21
lol
some of the places have age restrictions, some dont
glad it doesnt matter now haha
YEP
lets evaluate prices!
its going to cost between 175-200 dollars for us to leave friday night and come back late at night on the 12th
12th being sunday?
i want to make sure we're rested when we get there or it's gonna be hell, so we need to leave late friday night, not in the morning on saturday.  and yes the 12th is dunday
sunday
hold on. I wanna check something
okay
and for the car you'd end up paying about 60 dollars as 1/3 of the cost
what town is your college in so i can factor it into picking you up?
I just map quested this to figure it out
It's in columbus
okay awesome
We've got: 517.53 miles / 8 hours 28 minutes total trip
161.65 mi - about 2 hours 49 minutes to columbus
and then
355.88 mi - about 5 hours 38 minutes to chicago
sounds very doable, we can just switch halfway through the trip'
yeah certainly
and the gas is going to (depending on the car) be about 80 there, 80 back
so
let me get a figure for you
lol
about 55 dollars from you
Okay wait. so what kind of car hypothetically would we be renting? What are we looking at so I can estimate the fuel cost
oh wait
you just said that
haha
so far for travel, we will need about 200 dollars, you will need about 100
its going to be a small car
an economy
so, good gas mileage
ok
now, let me figure what itll cost to stay in a nice hotel there for a night
ok
movie mike just got back from chicago and stayed in an awesome cheaper hotel there
so im gonna ask where he stayed
I'll throw in whatever for that. I'm not gonna stay in a bad hotel for all this trouble. haha.
I'm so excited
yea i want a nice hotel too, and this is so exciting!
our first real road trip!
woot!
Score
i think im gonna stay at the Sleep Inn in Tinley Park
its got good reviews
4.1 stars
out of 5
for 115 a night
that's good
we only need one night
let me see if i can book it now
we'll request two beds
there's only one thing I'm afraid of
bedbugs
and theyre at that hotel
so we're not staying there
hahahaa
This is a struggle. I'm the one who likes to plan things and look up prices. I enjoy that you're doing this but it's my thing.
haha
I've never had someone else do it.
found a better one.
I ENJOY IT AS WELL
fairfield inn in tinley
no bed bug reports
if i waas touched by a bed bug
I would skin and gut myself
and then eat
and vomit on my friends
and dance
and then take to the drink.
It would be too much
WHAT EVEN
hahaha
so for 130 dollars we get a nice room with two queen beds
im booking it now
then i can pay when we get there
ok
but yeah
dude
the only thing I 'm worried about
Is
If I have an exam that monday,  tuesday, or wednesday, I can't go. I'm ASSUMING not for now. But this is like a deal breaker for me
that's why I'm feeling a BIT hesitant about booking rooms
already done haha
DAMN YOU (JFK voice)
hahaha
ITS JUST THE STORM
if you dont go, i can pay for it by myself.  but i want you to go.
I want to as well
I'm pretty much counting on it being a yes
but I will know by august whether I can go
WHICH is super good
because that's far in advance
I've never been to chicago
I've been to their airport
haha ive been in the airport too
but
why wouldnt you be able to go because of a test?
makes no sense
Say If I have a test say on a wednesday, I'm studying two hours a day from 12 days before it. I'm compulsive about grades and I need an A if I don't get an A my life has no meaning and I'll become incredibly depressed. I can afford to miss a couple of days if the test is on like the thursday or friday after, but I need that weeekend for tests on m-w
That is how crazy I am.
And after reading that, how little I really think of myself
hahaha
BUT IM NOT WORRIED
that's kind of early in the year
hahaha youre insane
So is it saturday or saturday AND sunday?
(yes I know I'm insane. I'm neurotic even.)
FUCK
NO TYPE
NO TYPE
sunday*
hahaha
its saturday and sunday
so sunday AND sunday
so i would like to arrive saturday morning, try to sleep in the car some, then hit the convention center as soon as it opens.  we can check into the hotel at like 11 or whwnever they allow that.  then go back to the convention center.  then after the show, i want to hang out with ariel and them, theyre great people, and then we can get up at like 11 on sunday morning, go around to some places, and leave at about 2.
Sounds good
So
Drive through the night friday right?
yes
fly by night friday night
omg
ahahah
so what time would we be leaving?
that friday
well
YOU
be leaving
We're looking at an 8.5 hr trip
im going to leave probably around midnight on friday, ill try to take that day off and just spend it sleeping so im ready to get no sleep haha. We'll pick you up around 3, then be there at 8 or 9, the show starts at 10.
I'll just go to sleep at 3 pm that day
I'll day drink
It'll be easu
hahahaha
on friday?
Yep
and wake up at like 12 am
hahaha
chris was saying if we're switching who drives, if youre driving i could sleep, if im driving you could sleep
just, any opportunity for sleep, take it
hahaha
That's true.
ILL TAKE IT
I'll find some way to rest before the trip anyway.
I'll stay up all night on thursday, go to class, and then fall asleep after
I'm god damn genius
no one has ever thought of staying up all night.
hahahaha
You laugh in my #admiration
so since we'll be celebrated our 21sts there
im going to let ariel and them know
and we need to just go to one of their houses after the show and party haha
they do shots and stuff
God yes
I love the drink
yes! haha
also
since the show ends at 5 pm saturday
that gives us a ton of time for activities
YES
and honestly i may not even need to go back to the expo on sunday, ill probablyhave spent all my money saturday lol
I'm gonna ration some money for things such as: If I decide to purchase a crested gecko and or/anything else that I could waste my money on
and yeah that's a valid point
haha
dude theres SO MUCH cool shit there
its a massive show
so i would save some money haha
I am.
fresh
funky fresh yo
i wondr if day hav a burlington kote factory at the show
HAHA
*burrrrr*
this guy need a kote
this guy needs a
*teens so hard*
TOKE
perfect
*TEEEEEENS* *with squinty eyes indicating intensity*
tweens and preteens and teens
*jeans rip*
*skin turns vomit blue*
"oh flesh"
like
when you drink too much raspberry slurpee?
and you puke
and its like
lolololololol
theres an alien lifeform in me
hahaaha
me as well
dude im just
so excited
like shit
it's giving me Dysentery and I #cant perform at the discotheque. #Muffins

* Pannus*
me too
pannus
evil hummus
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Land based drilling project.
"that's what she said"
great kevin!
mountain top removal
if you know what i mean
*wink*
*fracks*
*fricks*
I have the house closest to tinley
I hope I like chicago better than new york. I hope I'm one of those people
hahahaha
CHOOSE A PIZZA
Let me tell you why
YES
THAT
ALSO
If I ever want to move there, It's not an UNREASONABLE  financial decision
hahaha
i would love to live there
lol
if i fall in love with it, i may
*swims*
yeah
I would too kind of
*breaths* okay
but I don't know it
we should both move there when youre done with college
dude
I'm applying to like several med schools there. That's a very good place to be. and if that pans out, I'lll probably end up living there.
And if it doesn't smell like pee it's my new favorite city
So that's my outlook
I'm also excited about this show
haha
omg
(Wisconsin accent)
I HAD A PREMONITION
TELL MEH
YOUR FRIEND SAID WI
ON FACEBOOK
THAT COUNTS
thats true
lolz
haha theyre just gonna come party at our hotel
which is easier than us driving to their houses
mel says you can look across from the hotel and see the convention center
AWESOME
also
just realized
i will have birthday money also
my birthday is like less than two weeks before that
(our collective birthday)
our birthday is like right before that
hahaha
so yea im hoping ill have money from that
plus, i am starting saving NOW
theres no way this trip ISNT happening
lol
yeah. My mom is working a couple extra shifts to help me with living expenses and I'm working full time a lot of the summer
so I'm thinking I'll find a way to get everything together
either way
I'll find a way
This is gonna be os fun
so fun*
i mean youll only need like 200 dollars so far
like, something in my life, to look forward too, that's social, and different than just hanging out
THAT IS FUN.
yeah I know
I KNOW THIS IS SO NEW TO ME
IT FEELS LIKE
SOMETHING
*REAL*
WITH *SUBSTANCE*
that's what I
'm saying
the last time I went on a road trip was in 12th grade
and It wasn't even that fun
im just so excited
so spend so much time with so many awesome people
and also buy awesome animals
in an awesome city
*hunter and michael instantly switch to manic, beholding the splendor of their new beginnings. Later, the trip arrives, and they have to leave. Things level out*
WHOA.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
HAHAHA
that wasn't even funny it was true. hahahahaha. which is maybe why it's funny
I AM BEHOLDING THE SPLENDOR OF MY BEGINING
its funny because of how incredible true it is
It's just a description of how the next few months will play put between "let's do it asterisks"
That's what I call them now
dude like the chicago crew parties so hard
hahaha
asterisks
Aglets
shoes
Beans coming out of my mouth
HAHAHAHAHA
that one got me
Me too hahahaha
Hair
What's the point of muffin bottoms. The tops are moist and filled with berries but the bottoms are like old cake
thats what he said
Holy mother of Moses
That is a saying I had to invent
For this
hahahaha
nan
nan
mel is going to make us jello shots
and a birthday cake
ill have her put your name on it too
and we will partayyy
Today my professor used Dwight schrute as an example of someone with "schizoid personality disorder" hahaha
Hahaha that's awesome. Barrett undertimed me so I'm spending time with my mom so Chris doesn't have to
What do you mean so chris doesn't have to? Does she have visitation rights to him or something haha
Kind of
Like Bella's mom to you
Haha
Omg my professor who has no social skills is making us watch her son do gregorian chants on YouTube help me god help me I want to laugh
Actually I've lost this battle
OMG HAHAHAHA
I'm with my mom, she's signing up to do subbing again
I hate the people in the school board
They are the filth of the earth lol. THEY DENIED MATT THE HONOR SOCIETY BECAUSE HE'S MENTALLY ILL
Yep that's sickening
I remember when she was my sub hahah
I have to go pay attention to her -.- later
nan
hows it going
prty gud
lizard
i love my lizards
<333
yes
you have to get one
at the show
i bet ariel will give you one
I know
lol
for your birthday
!!!!
whaaat
yea hes like that, he gave my mom a 400 dollar gecko (he would have priced it at 75) for 50 dollars
he has super super nice stuff for the best prices
woah
i spent 600 dollars on deals from him last time he was here hahaha
*shopping*
damn though
hahaha
shopping is the best
im going to save up as much money as i can
like, a shit ton
all my disposable income is now going to the tinley fund
I could use a gecko
I spend a lot of time at home
alone
and next year without be surrounded by people in a dorm
I will need a gecko.
awwww
yes thats the right thinking
hahaha
*totally kyle*
omg that show
lolz
KNOCK KNOCK
KNOCK KNOCK
WHO DERE.
IM GONNA HIT YOU IN THE HEAD WITH A BIG OLE FISH
*hits with fish*
*sound of wet fish hitting skin*
hahahaha
*listens to beck without regard* because today it was #warm
OMFG
I DID TOO
WITH MY WINDOWS DOWN
BECK
IS WARMNESS
we know.
( I say that, because I now have a symbiote, like carnage from spiderman )
hahahahaha
so
so
today is palindrome day
1441
whoa
that's really neat
haha
josh said it to me
and confused me a lot
I mean is it really a day day? like pi day? or is it just a day whose digits create a palindrome
i dont know
hes weird
yes i knwo
sometimes
i think he just says things
but sometimes
like right now
i think that he's talking about something real
if you google palindrome day, there are results haha
HAHAHAHA
so everything else
is just complete nonsense
hahahahaha
is utter
yea
hahha
BUT
not all of it
there are grains of sanity in there
he has moments
of non autism
LOLOLOL
OMG HAHAHAHA
I ASKED HIM
IF THAT IS AN OFFICIAL DAY
AND HE SAID
"i guess it is to someone"
HAHAHAHAHA
omg hahahaha
wtf
im dying laughing
*Shocks back to life* 
proceeds laughing
hahahahaha
you're finished
josh will only say "MHM." to everything
palindrome
HAHAHA
i cant think of a good word that works back
wow
wow
wow
racecar
hahahaha now im confusing him
racecar
racecar
me:  GAH NO
end this madness
wow
wow
wow
wow
 lordmacbayne:  ?
 me:  WOW
mom
mom
pap
ahhahahaha
hahaha
dad
mom racecar, wow MHM
tit
hah dad
hahahaha
HAHAAHAHAHAHHAAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAH
HAHAHAHA
tat
pap
yay
#teattatted
tat pap, dad! wow! yay! Hannah kayak level
Madam, I'm Adam
A man, a plan, a canal: Panama!
tit!!!!
im over here laughing like an idiot
those are not palindromes as a whole, but as individual units
haha
and chris is like wtf
and im like "palindromes"
http://www.buzzfeed.com/fjelstud/the-21-best-palindromes
hahahaha tacocat
tit
tat
PatchesehctaP
hahahahaha
pop
im losing it
mom pop
hahahaha
mom pop tit
OMG
wow dod
SEE IT
mam pap
TWINE
Flagstaff, AZ
google
albino racoon
it looks like a giant ass rat fucked a fox
but I want it
ME TOO
SO MUCH
but first i need another bird
im going to buy you a gecko
for your birthday
ppick the species
THESE THINGS TAKE TIME CLARA.
( that is NOT from any movie )
i will need to figure that out
these things take time
is a smiths lyric
that i use all the time
even though i know they didnt invent it
because I did
yep, i forgot to mention that part
because i knew
michael actually invented that phrase
all it took
was one pen
one piece of paper
and the support of a child with an adult mans voice
google
boomer the dog
gary
gary, boomer the dog
what the hell fuck
GOOGLE IT
I'm so scared
I'm shaking
"gary, boomer the dog"
I'M NEVER GOING TO PITTSBURGH
HAHAHAHA
I'm fear seizing
TURN ME ON MY SIDE
I'M GOING TO DIE
fear seizing
OH GOD
i told chris you were fear seizing
and he said
over what
and i said
...nothing
hahahahaha
THIS IS THE WORST THING I'VE EVER SEEN
THIS ISN'T NOTHING
NOOOOOOOOOO
THS COSTUME IS SO BAD
THAT IS SCARES ME
hahahahahaha
YESSSSS
I hope a bull mastiff fucks him and prolapses his inside buttocks.
for his crimes.
HAHAHAHAHA
shut up
this is serious talk
IM DYING
CANNOT BREAYJ
you're finished here
"can it"
*90s dancers enter and confront me*
I defeat them.
do u remember vermine supreme
charlie
king of the rats
why are you saying this to me, unless you're watching that
because i am you
BUT I AM NOT WATCHING THAT
but then
what
Soy una criatura de gran tamao. Dentro de m es el petrleo. He estado en el interior de la mujer de mi dentista.
Olvida todo lo que saba acerca de la prctica de bisbol. Yo soy Dios, soy limo, soy nuevo y yo estoy dentro de todos.
Entiende usted mi amigo?
???????!!!!!!!1
HELLO
fifar! Follar hablar conmigo! Correcciones de la patata parches parches parches
omg
wat
Voy a mierda te matar. Use un traductor de google para averiguar lo que estoy diciendo. gilipollas
no comprende
no comprende
mi gringo
Go to Google translate. And translate what I said to English. It is all important but for humorous reasons I chose Spanish.
okay hahaha
HAHAHAHA
enjoy all of this
it's wonderful
also
as you translate it
copy and paste it back to me
so I can enjoy it
im seriously
dying
of laughter
im crying
SEND IT TO ME
I would like to experience that
i wish i could
poop
I know. I know.
My amusement this evening has been saying weird things into google translate and re translating them and reading the fucked up conversion
saying random things?
lol
oh
no
i get it
joke
ruined
pink electrcity
i cant sprell that word
sprell
steve brule
I am a creature of great size. Inside me is oil. I've been inside my dentist's wife.

Forget everything you knew about baseball practice. I am God, I'm a limo, I'm new and I'm within everyone.

Do you understand my friend?


Fucking talk to me! Corrections potato patches patches patches
PINK ELECTRICITY
Check it out!
im sorry
cinnamon rolls
God please
Send me one via sms text
hahaha
i wish i could
im tripping balls
like a liitle
On wt
5
meo
mipt
nan
tit
dad
lol
tit dad
I am a creature of great size. There are beans coming out of my mouth.
cant
stop
too much
funny
biting your nails
my guess was biting your nails
I am composed of oil.
Dude I'm so bored.
This doesn't ever happen
IM BORED
im inanimate
like sand
yes
i am within all
my young anoles are courting each others
#teens
im laughing so hard i may puke
at nothing?
hahahaahahahahahaha
kind of yes
haha
i dont like it
what the fuck is wrong with me
so i took klonopins to kill it
I just looked at the wall
no
what
ahhhh
and said
"calm down dick its just the storm. and then bit my thumb and started laughing uncontrollably"
etuheruih[\
why
hahahaha
dude
im sweaty
i feel like i belong at a rave
i dont like it
must stop
inject your self with mashed lizard. until your veins throb thick with organic sludge
ewwww
no
hahaha
hahahahha
i went ouside to cool off
and there was too much stimuli
so i came back inside
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHA
There was too much STIMULI
up in the cub sippin purp with my shades on
what is that
miley
cyrus
hahahaha
no its dwayne the cock johnson
i was too hot and chris made me HANDS put on these pants that i think are underwear but he says they are meant to be worn outside and they look like miley pants.  too short.
HAHAHAHAHHAA
did you just slip ""HANDS""" into a sentnece
total me move.
yes
TOTALLY KYLE
i did
hahahahaha
im cackling madly
like a pig
OINK OINK OINK!
*angry cackling pigs*
man fucks horse cries wolf tastes meat
UMAMI
dude i was laughing so hard at the pigs
like
TOO hard
i hope this ends at some point
i just feel like
i just got done being super excited for a concert or something
and i left, three hours later, covered in sweat and smeared make up, dying for water
but still that happiness smoldering
thats me
im that smolder
drin ka water
and then
destroy it with your strong hand
omg
hahahaha
MY STRONG HAND
MY GOOD HAND
HAHAHAHAHA
im so fucked
im sorry
this is the funniest shit ever
i think its going away
sloooowly
hand
ITS HAAPPENING
who
it
i feel better know
and GOOD
dubys
dgkl!
good
456579]=
\]oi
']
]'wq3467p['
\po[p\
shut the fuck up
i was typing that
with my feets
what
no
u suck at it
loi76\
|
hahahaha
nan
hey pal
moms helping me reserve our hotel room but for like 50 dollars cheaper
BAM
lol
WOWZER
and ive already got the leachianus that im going to buy picked out :D
*eyes flicker and foot shifts on the floor*
*floor squeaks*
Awesome!
haha
i know like...this leachianus should be probably 600-700 as a baby
but im only having to pay 400-450
look at its sibling
nan
Holy godzilla
How big is that
13 inches
thats full grown
some get 16 inches
my friend named hers godzilla lol
Hahaha that's a funny coincidence
it is indeede
http://www.buzzfeed.com/mjs538/completely-surreal-pictures-of-americas-abandoned-malls?bffb
this is so neat
I'll check it out when I'm back from lunch
those are awesome
dude i just realized
yes
YES
when my mom loses michael's insurance, and thus i lose my united behavioral health coverage, i will no longer be able to go to the doctor without ridiculous copays
ill still have my dads insurance but it isnt as good
If only you would have known this like  three days ago
?
you could've enrolled for obamacare. It would have been through blue cross or something and likely cheap because you only really go to the psych.
but dude
that's awful
what are you gonna do?
im afraid of obamacare because i dont understand it.  i cannot afford to pay for my own health insurance, even if its 50 dollars a month
i dont know what im going to do
this is why I hate america
this shouldn't even be something anyone has to worry about lol
i know, its total bullshit
NO ONE UNDERSTANDS OBAMACARE. It was a pussy move to appease rich people who don't understand what it's like to be poor and without insurance
I didn't have it for years, now my mom pays INSANE amounts to a piece of shit insurance company
they just pull it out of her paycheck
it's disgusting
just because shes required to pay for it
by law
yeah
well
if you dont, you get a fee
that's right
Which is also total bullshit
lol
*Australia*
OH FUCK they have giant spiders. I keep forgetting that 9 of the 10 most venomous creatures on earth live there.
oh i got our hotel for cheap thanks to mom
YEAH
I KNOW
a better hotel
I'm super stoked about that
for 105 instead of 145
that makes a huge difference
its not as close to the conference center but ill have a rental so who cares lol
yeah exactly
im going to hate having to fill that thing back up with gas
but thenagain
on the plus side
i wont have to fill it before we lkeave
lol
haha
I mean
less for the hotel
means more for gas
so whatever haha
yes it does
im too excited dude
and if you end up having a test
im still going to convince you to go
you cans tudy in the car
lol
I know
I'm gonna go.
WOO
its going to be
the best birthday
EVER
#SELFIES
we need lots of selfies
hahahaahahhahaahahahaha
hahaha
srsly though someone always has a camera when the gang gets together
so we can post on FB us LEGALLY dirnking
WOOT
*drinkiing
I hope my christian family sees it
HAHAHAHA
I hate everyone
I'm such a bad person
here's why
I would post a photo of me drinking because:....
My family "religiously" creeps on my facebook and tells my grandmother and aunt everything I do and say
even though I'm not friends with any of them.
Sometimes I wish I was gay
hahahahahaha
hahahahaha
So what kind of small creature would be the simplest for me to care for and interact with
any of the rhacodactylus species
whats your preferred price range?
well not out of this world expensive
that's so vague
I don't know how much money I'll have on *Deck*
Let me think
ermm
think about how much you could save
and then underestimate what you will have
thats how i make sure i never over spend
that's a good tactic
hahah
I just want something little
then youre looking at a crested gecko, a gargoyle gecko, a sarasinorum, or a chahoua.  theyre all about 6-10 inches in length and will only need a small enclosure
chahouas are expensive
as are the others, but the base price for a chahoua is like 300 dollars
while the base price for a baby crested is like 50
;p;
which one is cutest
wellll
i like gargoyles
honest
let me show you
k
cresteds come in the most colors though
heres one of my red/pink gargoyles.  whenshe's half fired she looks pink.  https://www.facebook.com/AlmostHeavenHerps/photos/pb.210215565788830.-2207520000.1396476063./434213106722407/?type=3&theater
here, just look through here and show me what you like haha
https://www.facebook.com/AlmostHeavenHerps/photos_stream
I'm leaning heavily towards crested geckos
okay, which kind do you like most?
so i can know what to look for
I DUNNO DUDE
THERE ARE SO MANY
ill ask ariel to have one ready for you =P
: ]
I think i know why
because they most resemble what I think a gecko should look like. Which is twisted, but that's how my brain is guiding me.
haha
Like when I think of a gecko, a crested gecko pops into my head.
well good
because theyre pretty awesome
haha
i mean
choose some colors
I WILL
im excited to see what YOUR gecko type is
everyone has one
google crested gecko
and find your favorite
I bet you can guess it
and show me
ok
now remember, head structure and pin stripes are highly sought after and i can get you one for cheap
I was directed to a list of different crested gecko morphologies
Dear god
there are so many
Should I just use google images?
haha
there are no real morphs
here
SEND ME SOMETHING USEFUL
let me give you my favorite crash course guide
i don't know how to use the internet
click each link to see different degrees and types of each trait.  itll help you learn the terminology easily
http://www.pangeareptile.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?99-Crested-Gecko-Morph-Guide
I'm really liking the ones with no patterns
look at all of them
before you decide
I AM
I really like the patternless
wow thats surprising haha
i'm very plain hunter
it isn't to me
hahaha
well, what color patternless?
These two.

http://jbscresties.com/pangeapics/Patternless/Maddoxdobes.jpg

http://jbscresties.com/pangeapics/Patternless/rhacsetc08.jpg
oh, so would you want a red dalmatian?
Either or
Is that a thing?
of course, you can cross EVERYTHING
like, look at this
https://www.facebook.com/AlmostHeavenHerps/photos/pb.210215565788830.-2207520000.1396477486./398962500247468/?type=3&theater
keep in mind that theyre colors become even more bright and their patterns grow larger and more defined as they get older
*their
*you're
I really like red ones in general
okay so you like the reds
now to figure out what pattern of red
i always tell people, crested geckos dont have morphs.  they have colors, and they have patterns.
I like the red with no pattern
but I like the one with dalmatian spots that I sent you
okay so, a red dal
hold on
like this?
https://www.facebook.com/AlmostHeavenHerps/photos/pb.210215565788830.-2207520000.1396477648./305137526296633/?type=3&theater
are you saying "like this" or "do you like this"
im saying"something similar to this?"
Similar, yes
more spots?
Either none or a lot. Either red or what ever color the spotted on I sent you was. But not both. (Should not have given me so many options. I'm going to be difficult)
Until being difficult isn't an option, and then I won't care so much.
lol
so
i will ask ariel
to hold a red for you
with lots of spots
and if he doesnt have avery spotty one
ill ask him to hold the spottiest one he has, regardless of color
I'm very much set on this no pattern thing. Is it just easier to find one with a pattern like spots?
so you want lots of spots or no spots?
hahaha
YES.
spots are actually considered like the herpes of the gecko community
THAT IS RIGHT
hahahahaha
like
OHHH
I get it
people, the rich stuck up breeders, hate spots
I could see that
but I like the spots.
UNLESS its got a RIDICULOUS amount of spots
and then it's 700 dolalrs
lol
got damn
yea dude hahaha
im going to request a spotty lad for ya
if its male its cheaper
lol
and why's that?
haha
because females create more geckos
that was my guess, but I thought it might be more complicated
haha
that makes sense though
nope it's just that you can buy one male and pair him to like 6 females
so the point is
to buy the NICEST male you can find
and then buy decent females
and his genes will improve on hers
and you get awesome babies
works every time
OH
ok
i c
I am reevaluating this, because if I don't right now, something something something. Tell me how there is no way this could be a bad idea so I can hear it
theres no way this is a bad idea
you can keep the thing in a closet if you need to
lol
my mom fucking owns one
for christ sakes
lol
That's all I needed to hear. such hesitance. with everything. I have that.
yes haha
dude im going to buy like
all of the geckos
already im going to try to save 100 out of this check and put it into savings
any extra money i have is going into that
question
Is the DRN do not resuscitate or the department of natural resources or something else
O.O
i dont know
lol
wait
hahaha
YOU POSTED
IT
department of natural resources
YOU POTATO
THANK YOU
hahaha
I feel like shit for using potato as a swear
well
bake it
twice
and then build a bridge
and eat over it
don't
hahaha
I KNEW IT
hahaha
tell matt if he wants an animal to give you money and ill pick him out something awesome
He'll want one
hahaha
I will
*EHEM*
EX KUSE ME
EVERYONE
EVERYONE
GATHER ROUND NOW
make sure he knows what species he wants, and have him look at some different ones so he knows what color/pattern he wants
lolol
DNA WILL BE AT THE CARE SHOW, BE SURE TO SHOW THEM EVERYTHING. AND I MEAN EVERYTHING. THANK YOU FOR THAT. SUCH A GOOD HOBBY!
HOLY GOD
that's such a good acronym
i am just realizing this
yes it is
hahaha
we are marketing geniuses
*hi 5*
did i tell you the wv department of tourism is going to start recognizing our show?
it instills positive thoughts into peoples heads and everything. that's like marketing psychology. haha.
AND NOW
WHAT
NO*
yep
its true
i am actually more productive than leslie knope
oh god
in another universe
you're kind of leslie knope
THAT MEANS SO MUCH TO ME YOURE THE BEST
that means that the other characters have parallels in your life
yes of course hahaha
josh is tom
RTDS is my senator Jam
hahaha
josh would have to be....
from eagleton
so tom
hahahahaha
lolol
Your mom is tammy 1, and tammy 2
yes she is
hahahahaha
who is chris
also
chris is ron
this is gender blind
yep
he is
hahaha
youre my anne
just so you know
ANNE PERKINS :D
I am anne to you, but sometimes I feel like a ben, but behave like jerry
ANNE PERKINS
i feel like leslie and ben have the least romantic relationship of all relationships
so you can be ben
because you are
lol
THEY DO
hahaha
which makes that show all the more enjoyable
and makes it OK for me to be ben
andy is....
omg
martin
HAHAHA
lolol
who's april dude
hahaha
omg
im also april
no you aren't
i kind of am haha
you're being selfish with the good characters
josh is april
bam
and you're seeing your self as april, but it's more josh
yep
SPOT ON
hahahaha
then tom is out in the open
hmmm
who is tom....
TRAVIS
who's your most effeminate friend
travis has all these reptile business pipe dreams that will never come true
HAHAHAHAHA
ok
i swear
that fits
hahahaha
who is donna
donna is my fucking favorite person
i was thinking that
hahahaha
shes awesome hahaha
let me think....
shes the most stable character
ummm
who is the most stable person in your life
barrett'
barrett is donna
HA
OK
sassy gay man
Now this one's gonna be rough
sassy black woman
same thing
HAH
Who the fuck is larry
ANDY
FRANKENGOUT
HGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
frankengout
jon ralphio
no no no
chris trager *points and smiles*
hahahahaha
chris trager isss
who is the hardest to read
ummm
mour manager
kent
who is your hillary clinton
HAHA
keisha
strong black woman
who scares me
head of HR
I was thinking more who do you look up to because leslie knope idealizes hillary clinton
hahaha
oh
well then
ariel
hahahaha
I just kind of wanted to confirm that.
who is that woman from eagleton that leslie hates? (who is your enemy)
Why am I enjoying this so much. It's becoming excessive
a woman that i hate who is my enemy in geckos
I KNEW IT
is meg gavinski
GECKO ENEMY
look at this cunt
hahaha
or woman
https://www.facebook.com/meg.gavinski?fref=ts
she has the most expensive geckos because she brown noses SO HARD with all these other rich pretty gecko girls
and they all share their rich geckos back and forth
she looks rich
i hate her
shes a fucking cunt
I say that because she looks like she's not wearing nice clothes, which tells me she is because she's clean looking which tells me she's rich
OMG
if i can figure out which car is hers at tinley
YOUVE TOLD ME ABOUT HER.
im keying it to hell
i know who this is
haha
have i mentioned her toy ou?
to you
yes
you have complained about her before!! haha
she loves ingrid michaelson
what a piece of shit
you're right
i want to snap her tiny bones
piece by piece
can you see all her photos?
ye
well some
not all
wow most of them
hjere she is with her BESTIE and they look exactly the fucking same and i hate her
hthe other girl is actually nice though
meg is a bitch
look at the meaningless native american tattoos
what does she think this is
AVATAR?
dude
hold on
wtf is this
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151860431874190&set=a.445609964189.229928.736244189&type=3&theater
shes rich and "alternative pretty" so she cosplays
if it helps, she's not pulling off that short hair cut. she looks like a soccer mom
she looks like a very tall man
i might slap her
hahaha
i told the gecko crew to keep me far away from her
they hate the same people that i do
theyre the best <3
she is slender man then
that is what I wil lcall her
when you reference her
okay good
and we'll key her car
no
you will
and I'll watch
I don't hate her like that
I might grow to
you will
join the gecko forum
on supermodel exotics
do itttt
get to know some people
tell them youre getting into rhacs, youre my friend, and you cant wait to go to tinley and meet everyopne
im a mod in the group
everyone knows me
so youll be well recieved
ok
i can't tell if i'll be happy with that one crested gecko or if this will become a thing for me
shocked it hasn't already considering you
i think that you will want more, but as pets
you will get addictred to how cool they are
you are now acdded to supermodel exotics
for awhile, just observe
watch how the gecko community works
its important
why doesnt matt have a FB?
Because he is not social like us. this is a social network.
lololol
he would have no one to add either
which is also a huge determining factor in creating one
he could join rpetile groups
reptile
it would make him so happy
to be able to spout his knowledge out to people
who care
I think so
haha
RIGHT
make him make one
and ill add him to a general reptile group
where he can ask questions and post photod
photos
I will when I get back in like three weeks. I don't even rememebr the last time matt used the computer
also, these groups will be a HUGE help to him concerning taking care of his animals.  he wont have to ask me directly anymore
hahaha
that's a good point!
I'm scrollign through this feed
and there are SO many posts
and so many photos
whoa
yea dude its very very active
the community is a REAL community
im not BSing you
lol
YEah I can see that
most fb groups are NOT
lol
if you read the comments
youll get an idea of how snobby some people are
and how nice some others are
its very entertaining
grab some popcorn
lol
like those who don't say thank you
hahahaha
lol
I saw that and laughed a little
HOLY SHIT
?
INTER FUCKING NATIONAL SHIPPING
WHAAAATT
yea dude
i have geckos from canada
that's insan
e
people order geckos from germany
or europe
DAMN
theres a show in germany called the Hamm show
that's gotta be stressful
and its the biggest gecko show ever
and anytime the hamm show is coming around, people contact people in europe and ask them to ship from the hamm show to the US
its very very complicated
this is how i know business
lol
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10202142664102738&set=gm.594441833984430&type=1&theater
this is the coolest thing I've ever seen
not literally
but you get me
hahaha
im so happy you like geckos
i like red ones
just not black ones
and im glad you love plain reds so much
thats a joke
rds are super cheap usually
really
why is that?
lolol
OH
because
haha
well awesome
it has taken people 20 years or so to refine these traits
red was one of the first traits refined
so its played out
people still like them
oh I see what you mean
but theyr enot as sought aftere
"the classic"
hahahahahahhha
yes
well
the classic is a bucksin
buckskin
its a joke
its like the hsittiest gecko morph
shittiest
also, youll need to understand this joke
just googled that
MOONGLOW crested geckos do not exist
wow
moonglows are a joke
hahahahaahaha
MOONGLOW
people every once in awhile claim to have a moonglow and what thousands of dollars for it
what does that imply?
and people make a huge joke out of it
it means that the gecko stays white, even when fired up, which has never happened
it doesnt exist
that sounds biologically impossible considering
people take photos of their colorful geckos fired down to white and joke and are like "hurr hurr look at my moonglow"
MOON GLOW
moonglow
dude just make moonglow jokes
and theyll love you
its like a unicorn baically
basically
hahahaaha
I have never been too fond of leopard geckos
im not a HUGE leopard fan
but
when you start getting into the crazy morphs (they actually have morphs)
they are VERY cool
what determines if something is just "a different one" or an actual morph
let me explain in a sec, first look how cool this leopard gecko is.  we will be steadily producing these once our super raptor male decides to mate lol
http://www.theurbangecko.com/files/dreamsicle-1.jpg
ohok
that is a really color
wtf
hahahhahaha
I think I just had a stroke
why hahahaha
"that is a really color"
I wanted to say
"that's an interesting pattern"
kind of similar
but not really
hahaha
anyways
let me explain
in basic terms
LAYMANS
LAYMANS TERMS
I am a layman
most reptiles have "morphs". a morph is a genetic mutation that started in the wild and somehow someone bred geckos to geckos until an anomaly gecko popped up.  this means that the genetic mutation is solid, and can be proved out.  you breed a blizzard to a blizzard and you get blizzards.
but with crested geckos, thats never happened
crested geckos are all about polygenetics
kind of like humans
my mom had brown hair, my dad had black hair, i have dark brown hair
It's not like crested geckos are like a set of variables with set outcomes, there's more ambiguity
this is what I'm getting
with some
you know what you're gonna breed
you know what you're gonna get
but not with crested geckos exactly
yes, like, with my leopards i know X +X=Y
but with cresteds, you dont know what you will get
that makes it a #fun challenge then I suppose in a way
its very very fun, and thats why people love it
every hatchling is a surprise
its like a gift in an egg
I was wondering that
and the best part
there seem to be a lot of cresteds
but I was thinking
is that you dont even know what theyre actually going to look like
until theyre adults
"those aren't the most interesting"
but I see now
that they very well could be
cresteds are like the leopard gecko of the rhacodactylus community
theyre fairly cheap
and they breed very easily
That simile made no sense to me
haha
okay well
leopard geckos are super super basic geckos
you followed up
so I get it
and unless youre paying top dollar for a very cool morph
theyr enormally cheap
theyre not rare
theyre easy to find
and breed
just like cresteds
so they're like the equivalent of muts
eh
not really
because there are levels
like, lets say leo[pard geckos
there is pet quality
breeder wuality
*quality
and then collector/breeder quality
the pet quality are kind of the mutts
OH
I see
that makes mroe sense
some breeders can be also considered low quality
collector quality is what i strive for
now imagine that concept
but applied to a gecko whose base price is 300 dollars
and you have leachies
haha
wow
hahah
now, both of my babies were 700 dollars
they are collector quality
BUT
the highest highest tier
are the RARE collector quality
such as Canawaa isle leachies
there are very few of them, and they have purples on them
so theyre highly sought after and babies start at about 2500
started to grasp these concepts? haha
its a crash course
yes
but omg
I have never be anything to be worth over 1,000 dolalrs
thats insane
haha
see, you didnt QUITE understand the monetary possibilities in this market until now hahaha
that has a lot of earning potential
yes it does
and after you're established
not as much work as when you were starting out
it's like the perfect job
hahaha
exactly
its because
you invest, sell, invest, sell, invest sell
and buy doing this
you slowly climb to the financial top
It's like being an executive but selling something tangible, useful, and not having employees
so by trade you aren't a piece of shit
but you do make a lot of cash
haha
exactly
im making money by loving animals and producing animals to sell
and just now
someone messaged me
about shipping them their gecko from us
lol
I'll be right back. I am going to get a lot of taco
kz
animals
a menagerie
theres a girl thats friends with meg, so i dont like her, and shes asian and her name is mina
and her business name is
that's....actually what you ahve
the minagery
hahaha
OH NO
god
i hate
her
ahahaha
im brown nose with cool people though
which means i dont really have to brown nose
they like me because im a nice person
then you aren't a brown nose
hahaha
i guess i feel like because theyre so nice to me and give me free things
that i must be brown nosing
but im not
i truly share their beliefs
haha
chris has cheech and chong on
i have to watch
lol
haha alright
im explaining patches to josh
hahahaha
God damn it
CAN YOU
hahaha look
me:  our conversations get too out of hand.  we've now SOMEHOW created a fictional cat named patches that is a top surgeon on an alien space ship that abducts teens
 lordmacbayne:  Is the cat itself an alien?
 Sent at 11:39 AM on Thursday
 me:  no, patches is just a cat who is kind of a "bad boy" type
 lordmacbayne:  So he gets in with the aliens later
 me:  Well, he wears a lot of medals aroundhis neck because the aliens reward him every time they need his help
he and the aliens have kind of just always been affiliated
nan
hahahaha
I am in class. God save me
oh no ill stop
hahahaha
one more im sorry
" lordmacbayne:  That makes sense
Does he have alien bitches?
 me:  well, we kind of have suspicions that he rapes teens aboard the ship
hes a weird cat
 "
Teens
It's all about teens
Haha
josh is obsessed with that #selfie song
hahaha
I've never heard anything like that
listen to it
youtube it
#selfie song
I'm afraid
no its funny
hahaha
was it written by an evangelical
no hahahaha
i hope you lose your everyloving SHEEEEIT in class
and get kicked out
for looking like  a crazy person
You are a bad person
Hahaha
im sorry
but the image in my head
is funny
i have retarded training at 3, theyre introducing a new phone software
I know.
I BET IT'S SUPER UP TO DATE
it is
im kind of happy about it
but not really
because its going to replace my desk phone
Wow awesome
Oh damn
Is that  bad
hahaha
well it basically means that any angry customers who figure out the corporate phone number, well, we'll have to deal witht hem now
I'm super excited about this gecko
yay!
And that is a load of shit
im gon' buy him for you as a birthday present
just so you know
i talked to ariel about it already
Then we have to do a switcheroo and rather than buy things for ourselves,  buy things for one another
That's the easiest way to do this. Haha
yes thats true
i would prefer if you bought me a gecko
that is small
because if the gecko is small
it can still be KILLER quality
but less expensivce than a sub adult
It all depends on my cash amount. Which at this point is looking good. So you don't have to patronize me for not being able to afford your ideal animal hahahaha
Wtf is. SUB adult
A god damn teen
hahahaha IM NOT PATRONIZING
but
yes
a sub adult is a teen
its sexually mature usually
but too small to breed without it being safe
But not emotionally
(So funny)
hahahaha
dude i just cant stop thinking about this
i am overly excited
It's literally 6 months away haha
We have TIME TO KILL
i know
but i cant get over it
like, my birthday was the minute we decided to go to chicago
hahaha
and it will last until we come home fromc hicago
It begins NOW
it does
and has
and had
lolol
And it will
And it was good
im like
spinning in my chair
because i have so much excited energy
Lit rally
LIT REALLY
I've made our fb chat an icon on my home screen
I'm so amazed that that's an option
thats possible?
lol
Yes because I use the fb chat app and it asks if I'd like that
Hahaha
YES YES I WOULD
VERY MUCH SIR THANK YOU
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
*hands
ass titties
ass n tittes
titties
dammit
nan
hahaha
nan
dude ive just been so positive lately
Good
ive been reading a "how to" guide to being a successful reptile breeder
Awesome awesome
and literally EVERYTHING on the guide..i have already done without help
seriously
its ridiculous
You're like little sebastian
nan
i am dude
ariel told me
ARIEL told me
that i have a gift
i am talented at this
that meant so much to me
that i feel like nothing can get me down
and i WILL succeed
you and i will both be very successful people
because we want it that bad
(I know)
(Have known this)
( o course)
youre the best best friend ever
and we're gonna have so much fun
nan
Thank you
Hahaha
So
i have dumb training now -.-
well
in a minutew
minute
At first I thought you were having a manic episode. ..and then I realized that good things are just happening for you which hasn't been happening lately and I'm not used to this splendor
I can't stop analyzing everything
trending on FB: bill clinton releases his alien theory
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAA
AWH BILL
and honestly i have thought recently that maybe im just manic, but i dont think i am, i think i am just happy
I learned something today
well tell me cause i gotta go
lol
Bpd is often mistaken for bipolar because of mood fluctuations. HOWEVER, Bpd patients have normal rapid mood fluctuations through the day not irregular ones. The issue is they can't respond to it in a reasonable fashion
GET OUT OF HERE YOU JACK ASS GO LEARN PHONE
bai
hi
hello
training was bullshit
haha
What even was it
they put me in a room with 5 of the loudest, dumbest people in this center
Don't you love that.
I went to get help with something in a tutoring center the other day and the people there wouldn't help me because everyone else was screaming demands like children
WE ARE BETTER THAN OTHERS.
That being said, I think we have some kind of symbiotic psychiatric disorder. There are two people involved in one disorder. This is something I have just made up.
hahaha we may have that disorder
i started hashtagging stupid phrases to josh
and then i was like
thats not me talking, thats michael
hahaha
Exactly
We are best friends
BUT ALSO
PAAAAAAAAAAAAARASITES
bestfrienditis
*end game 2014*

Death # fest
hahahaha
sounds like snl stuff
that one skit making fun of the gathering of the juggalos
ASS DAN
dude don't hate on that gathering
it looks fun as shit
I saw a promo video for it last year. There was a pregnant mother of two, who was STILL able to do ecstacy and chain smoke with her buddies after all life had thrown at her!
where is jesus in that sentence
that's what I'm saying
#amen
HAHAHAHA
jesus didnt save her
#XTC did
and "mom's friend hank"
#loveofherlife
*paints face*
dude
I did watch a video for that
they were painting their faces with goddamn canned spray paint
like
moms friend hank
hahahahahaha
just spraying it on eachother
THESE PEOPLE ARE NUT CASES
theyre like animals
hahahahaha
animals on the endangered species list, and that gathering is like the zoo. They're old and dying off, but hipster like to go and film them giving toddlers cigarettes.
I'll enjoy THAT while it lasts
I'll kind of miss juggalos after those two clown men die off. (kidding violent j for life)
hahahahaha
dude
theres a fuse show
i think its called "ICP watches"
and shaggy and J watch videos and comment on them
its hilarious
That sounds wonderful/horrid
i have so much work right now D:
talk later?
Mhm
watch the new parks and rec
now
its so good
so good
I will at some point
I need to REALLY catch up on that
dammit michael
who even are you
god
donna is so sassy
like
express yo self
Treat yo self
i always do yo
hahaha
michael i need relationship help
i dont know what to do
ok go
chris is just kind of a trash person
continue
not just for the fact that he leaves trash all over the house, but because he gets 3 days off and does like 3 chores the whole time, hes addicted to vaping and video game making, he wont apply to a trade school like he said he would do months ago, he says that i bitch about "the stupidest shit", and that he's pretty much given up on being a better person
i cant live with this
Of course there are things you don't like about him
however
well
I have similr relationship issues
the difference is, bella  and I both have goals. I think her's are OBSURD, and I don't like them, but we are both functioning members of society
You are a mature adult with goals
we both need that
Maturity
I think you need to have one last stab at chris with all of this
just try ONE MORE TIME
im trying so hard
and im talking to him about school
because ending things with him would put you in a VERY tough position
and he just comes up with excuse after excuse as to why he shouldnt go
i know
i dont want to leave him
but today i couldnt even talk on the way to work i was so pissed
i woke up to food trash on the floor in the living room
it would be really emotionally devistating, and things could turn bad really quick
5 fewet from the trash can
and he's also another source of income
it's just
wow
that's sad.
I'd lay it all on the table
and tell him this is the last time you're gonnna do this
that often times works
The thing that the both of us need in a relationship is to have the upper hand
which we do
BUT
that also means keeping our significant other on track with what we want
If we can't do that
we lose the upper hand
and everything is miserable
I don't think you should give up like right now
but you complain about the SAME THING, OVER and OVER
it's not like different arguments
It's the same one
I'd just try one more time to communicate your feelings to him. If he isn't emotionally mature enough, that's a big big problem
yea im really trying
im sick from it
like physically
I understand that
im trying to explain to himt hat i cant keep dealing with this stuff
its driving me insane
he's too old for this to be a serious relationship problem
honest to god
if he was your age, it would make mroe sense
but he's in his mid 20s
he's a serious adult
like come on man
i cant even convey that to him
i dont know what to do
i cant leave him, i wouldnt be able to feed myself
well, i would, but BAREWLY
I know..
But reptiles would be like...out for you
I want you to try again and obviously so do you
but you are too good for this. You have your issues, but everyone does. this is insanity. The same thing OVer and OVER. Little gestures mean nothing if he isn't gonna change
i feel like i pull both of our weight
all of the time
If you feel that way that's probably how it is.
I wish there was an easy fix for this
but there's a lot on the line
theres too much on the line for him to take this so lightly
its very upsetting
like, does he even care?
he's emotionally infantile
I think he cares
but I don't think he knows what that emotion is
or how to respond to it
or he would be having real discussions with you
he thinks that anytime im mad at him, that im breaking up with him
its so childish
here's the issue....
He thinks that because somewhere in his head, he knows that you have a reason to
sometimes, those are just distorted thoughts
like]
"I was late she's gonna break up with me"
but that's not it
and he knows it
but as soon as you say
"no I'm not"
he realizes he's in the clear
and does what he wants
it's not like he's being evil
he's just insecure and stuff
should i straight up give him an ultimatum?
Well
I think that relationships built on ultimatums can't really end up well
but if it comes down to it
i know =/
i dont know what to do
and that's what you feel like you need to do
god damn
this is hard to think about
hm
then again, if he really wont change, and i need to move on, we could still live together as friends
but i dont want that
That would be hard
you would lose your mind
and just go back to old ways
yea but that may be what he needs as a wake up call
I think he needs to be broken up with. Even if it's not permanent. But I think he needs to understand how damn serious you are.
don't take my word for this
it's your call
but he DOES need a wake up call
he's always skating on thin ice
i know it's my call, youre just offering advice.  depending on how these next few exchanges go, that might happen
Maybe to fix this you need to play the bad guy. Like not the reasonable guy. The bad guy who says "I can't do this anymore"
That would show anyone that stuff is not okay
ive pretty much already said that
but not directly
maybe be more direct
beating around the bush just creates tension that won't break
i dunno, its not good to do that at work
he'll end up puking
well not at work
that would be a bad thing if he did that
lol
even at home, he gets angry and he'll start throwing shit
or go outside
or tell me im a bitch
or something
i told him im done having this conversation
hopefully he will get it
maybe be incredibly direct, and tell him you aren't gonna tolerate  (list things that you think he'll do out of anger)
I dunno
it just seems like he's not willing to face reality
i know
i cant make a person care
that's true
but you need to find out if he really doesn't care, or if it's something else
that's the problem
you don't know anything about what he's actually thinking or feeling
he says he feels like his life is already half way over and that he missed his chance to accomplish anything, so he just wants to enjoy life because it's short
i told him i could never enjoy living a life that means nothing
That is a really shitty way to look at life
I have  cousin that in his late 30s went back to school
that's not nescessarily what I'm saying chris needs to do
but like
my dad was 50 and he went back for further education
your life is never "half over" and you never "miss opportunities to achieve things"
YEAH
right
hes just lazy
I know...and his excuse is it's too late
and 25 is not half over in terms of life. that's about when people start making huge life decisions
honestly
well the way he fucking feeds himself, 25 could be his midlife
he cares nothing about his health
I wish I could change people
like, look at this exchange
"Hunter Armstead:  
if youre sick, go home 12:51 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
That's not something I can do unfortunately. 12:52 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
why? 12:52 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
I have no way to get there because I havent accomplished a driver's license/car. 12:52 PM 
Which is my fault too,  12:52 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
i can take you 12:52 PM 
its not your fault  12:52 PM 
FUCKING QUIT IT  12:52 PM 
i didnt mention ONE THING about a car  12:52 PM 
THE CAR IS NOT THE ISSUE  12:52 PM 
STOP TRYING TO PRETEND IT MATTERS 
"
I believe that people with his attitude are not fixable, or that's NOT how they really are. They are covering up some deeper problem with apathy
the car isn't the issue
he's displacing onto something that seems more reasonable, like the car
classic defense tactic
he is probably severely damaged from his fucking retarded inbred parents
I know
you know he at one point lived in a trailer with no plumbing as a child?
which makes it hard
I don't think he's totally apathetic. I think that's a disguise for how he really feels. He doesn't know how to deal with his emotions
and wow...
every time i mention how fucked it is, he tries to defend his parents, as if thats the best they could provide for him
he had a terrible child hoofd
Your childhood makes you the way you are
If it's bad, you either get stronger, or get beaten down
he got beaten down, we got stronger
i dont know how to deal with the beaten down part
here is the thing
this may be true
and he may not be responsible for what made him the way he is
but isn't the responsibility of someone who isn't damaged, like yourself, to deal with it
i feel like it's one more huge responsibilty that i deal with on a daily basis
yeah i get that
submitted some of my photos to the reptile report, hopefully i can score like 3rd place in this year's awards...
haha
*nice five*
haha
man
im saving so much for tinley
i dont even want to buy ANYTHING until we get there
like, ill starve to save money
haha
ok that's no good
hahaha
BUT SAVE NONTHELESS
i wont actually starve
ill buy food and gas, pay bills and rent, and nothing else
haha
that sounds reasonable
hahaha
on some checks i can have up to 300 dollars of disposable income
your *hyperbole* frightened# me
what hyperbole?
lolol
oh
starving
yes
haha
yep
TO PROVE YOUR DEDICATION TO THE GAME
I mean the trip
game, trip, life is all the same
the rap game
im the gecko game riff raff
he has turquoise hair now btw
lol
oh god
lol
hahaha
dude riff kind of fucked up though
he should have hired me as his manager
RIGHt
totally
he tried to build suspense for his new album, waited way too long because he though he was the coolest shit ever, and now it's lost relevance completely and when it does come out, no one will care4
I did forget
lol
he let him fame fizzle so easily
he did it too early
lol
he built his fame so quickly, he was genius at it, the best ever, and ill give him that
but he got too big headed, with all the new money he was getting
He did know wht he was doing
WHERE WAS IT COMING FROM
that's where I was confused
he was making a name for himself
but where was he earning?
well, diplo signed him
he was also signed to solja boy's record company for a short period of time
he gets paid to do feats. on other artists' songs
etc
but he hand't released a full length
touring
OH
right
yeh
I forgot about the touring
yep hes toured for a long time
and he sells merch
and he sells a "look"
MERCH
HE does
haha
that look
haha
the look is the selling point, the merch is the shotty way of being like riff
its a shotty version of his style
made by pacsun and neff
he didnt sign with any serious designers
big mistake
im talking to chris, and its like im talking to a rock
ill type this huge paragraph abouth ow i feel
and get 5 words in response, that pretty much avoid everything i just said
-.-
like
thats the kind of shit i dont like
That's that shit I don't like
exactly
i told him "i cant deal with this"
now, he will probably say something along the lines of "youre breaking up with me, i know" or something
should i let him think that?
or will he kill himself?
He wont
You're over thinking it
hes all being apologetic and stuff, ill let it go for now.  but i did tell him im not having this conversation again
And you were super clear on that right?
yes
i mean i started the argument cursing at him
That's that.
and i told him to fuck off
I mean that's pretty clear lpl
yea i think so
i dont like being mean
but he makes me want to smash things
I do.
I know I know
chris asked me if im ever afraid of failing
and to be honest
no
I'm not either
But you have to sympathize
Or empathize rather
i know
i told him all failures eventually lead to success, so you might as well go for it
We combat our insecurities with huge egos, which works.  But some people don't have that in then
Yes that's exactly right
i was like, well, i ran away from home with no where to live, and thats how im where i am today, and that was a huge failure
and i dont regret it
That's a good analogy
Your own life
You can't have success without 3 or more huge failures
I have taken so long to get to where I want to be
And I'm just now comfortable with it
exactly
without failure, there is no success
so you cant fear it
Without failure success is just luck
exactly
and if someone were to say im just a lucky kid for what ive accomplished
id probably tear their head off
i work my ass off every day
I wish I was a businessman because that would be the best title for a motivational autobiography about business
I agree.  You aren't lucky
You try
And try
maybe when youre a doctor you can write that book
lol
Let's Co author a VERY general "motivational" book when we grow up. We could make a killing
Like so much money
Hahaha
We can both turn a phrase
Are we already grown up
Or is that like 30
i think we have to wait until we're rich, to prove that what we're saying works
hahaha
Yeah.  Or at least reputable haha. Like our word has to be credible I GUESS
haha, my word will be worth its weight in gold in a few years...ive decided that im going to revolutionize what people consider a good reptile breeder
because the biggest crested gecko breeder in the US is so mean and unreasonable that he may be retarded
Do that. What they lack is PR.
You're good with image
You could bring in more diverse clients
i am a very welcoming sales person.  i realize that women can be intimidating, so i tone that done a lot.  im friendly to everywhere, especially people i dont really know.  i always put in my two cents, but i never start fights.  and instead of just buying an animal from me, your buying our friendship and service, which is second to none
That's a good strategy
A lot of women overplay the powerful business woman because people have misguided perceptions of women in business. It can be intimidating
i know, i see it every day, because most crested gecko breeders are women
i find that i have found the perfect "stage" personality
if you watch my comments/posts on supermodel, youll understand haha.  or even on my business page
i come off as almost sexually ambiguous
Sorry I was walking. I'm at they Grey hound station haha
haha why are you there?
Going to see bella
d'awww
yay =]
She's really excited about me getting a gecko
Perhaps, more so than me. Lol
hahaha
i didnt know she was into that stuff
She is. She loves matts.
I just wasn't really until I decided I wanted a gecko
Hahaha
MY OWN
your own child
to feed and care for
MY OWNNNNN
*salad hands voice*
hahahaha
name it
horace
horsecollar
jeremy fisher
hahaha
I will choose among those
haha
should i pick it for you
or let you pick it out?
What do you mean
The name???
no
the animal
haha
I want very red only. Either NO spots or many spots. As long as you know the guidelines
Hahahaah
thats pretty much how i choose my reds
i have a spotless red
i like dalmatians, but only when theyre covered in spots
I LOVE THE SPOTLES.
Yeah
We are on the same page
spotles hahaha
Obvi typo
nan
so if it has a lot of spots, does it matter what color the spots are?
WHOA
HUH
well
theres white, red, black, "oil" (greenish), portholes which are white spots that go down the sides, like portholes on a ship
Anything but the greenish.
I'm fond of black
But white too
okee dkoee, black is easiest to find
Red would be so awesome lolol
white is cool
ill pick you out one i know youll love
lol
U no me
eye do no u
nan
haha sassy cat
I need another set of emoticons
Hahahaha
I use that because it's all I have downloaded
i like dem all
nan
Omg
Wat
nan
nan
those are all int he same set hahaha
Hahahahahahaha
Okay so were in the danger zone
A bus full of people
I mean they're mostly gross as shit
But they're people
We are talking
nan
i mean
i bet youll be hearing them laugh to themselves a few times
so youre allowed some crazy behavior as well
I am
i may end up having to leave work early again
chris is sick, and i dont feel too great
im honestly sick of being handed all the shit that my new coworker here cant manage
like
fucking look at this sentence he wrote to a customer
"I seen you provided us with your order number I need the last three. "
and then barrett sees it, doesnt like it, and drops the rest of the email on me, so now i have to deal with a guy who thinks i cant speak english
Hahahahahahaga
I seriously think that constitutes complaints
like
Serious ones
What a shit head
i mentioned it to barrett
he keeps hiring idiots
because he only sees people on the outside
he didnt hire travis because he's weird
but travis knows his shit
So the job should have been traviss
Who I know is not an idiot
yes
i even told barrett, i know hes weird, but hes very smart and very nice
and he just looked at me like im crazy
But that also describes you and you got hired
You're pretty charming though
im charming, plus, martin suggested me, and Carter said i was hot so barrett should hire me
i had people pulling for me lol
im weird but like
im the opposite of the in your face weirdness
im very reserved weird
Yeah...Travis has a weird presence...Like you can tell he's weird without talking.
You are more reserved
its that emotional intelligence. in order to get people to like you and agree with you, yo cant alienate them
rule #1, never let your personality over power the situation
40 rules all hunters must learn before the age of 4
hahahaha
Libras*
Lol
HAHA
i think im going to stop smoking weed for the most part
i just dont have the money for it
i go through like...an ounce every 3 weeks
lol
Yeah. It's a luxury for the most part. If you don't have the money you just done sometimss
yep, its a total luxury.  and enough of our vendors paid that we can order more t shirts to sell at the show!
woo!
Yess awesome
did i tell you the wv division of tourism is going to start promoting us in their pamphlets and on their website?
YEAH!!!!
Which is so good
Advertising for nothing
exactly
especially with the state trying to ban exotics
some help from the state is a very good thing
It is
I guarantee a study on deaths by exotic animals before and after the bill would negate the bill. It has accomplished nothing
well you know
they actually just dont care
at all
politics is the source of evil in this country
RIGHT
Potato salad
i want some
mustard
salad
mmmm
I like pasta salad
It hurts my chapped lips
*hurt*
*mmmmmm*
hahaha
you need to *moisturize*
nan
we raised 992 dollars to put this show together
just from me finding vendors to pay
Got dam
that was all me
every bit of it
haha
Tried to watch the office then the bus driver put in a 240 pixel version of I am legend on super loud
Why elohim
HAHAHAHAHAHA\
HAHAHA
thats so funny
what a dated movie
probably on DVD
haha
plebes
It looks like it's on fucking vhs. Granted they stopped making tapes at that point. But still
Like I was watching my program and turned it up full blast and it wasn't enough to mute it
dont you hate that -.-
how long is the bus ride/
?
2 hours
Not too bad
The length of I am legend hahahaha
hahahaha
the 2 hour bus ride is way less painful than 2 hours of a VHS
lolol
God it is
It's not even vhs
So why does it have those "messed up tape" lines
Wtf hahahaha
hahahahaha
i bet theyr ecorded it from tv
using a vhs recorder
Wow hahaha
the grey hound experience! brought to you by warner brother home entertainment
Recording a movie to tape that the only released on dvd and blu ray
Like piece of shit
Shut up haha
Why the fuck does will smith have military, survival, hunting,  and extensive scientific knowledge
Never considered this...
And engineering
hes a scientologist
hes learned how to destroy the world
and he did
He built steel things that are mechanized over a nyc appt
Hahaha
man those zombies are actually fairly scary
hahaha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/tomphillips/what-is-your-spirit-gif
They are lol
Fuckin horticulture he's growing corn now too
HAHAHAHAHAHA
shooting fucking deer
and shit
did you see how james franco tried to hook up with a 17 year old via twitter?
hahaha
*About to shoot a deer*
LION INTERCEPTS
*Sees family of lion*
*recollects on own lost family*
Let's him go
AND YES
What a shit head
His defense was he was new to social media
I KNOW
SO MUCH BS
SO MUCH
hes a fucking pedophile
and i dont like him anymore
Like fuck you were. He basically defended himself by saying he couldn't use the computer
hahahahahahahahaha
that may work for larry king
but not a student at an ivy league school
HAHAHAHA HAHAHA OMG
But yeah this reaffirms my hate for him
hes such a fucking douchebag
HE GOT INTO THOSE SCHOOL BECAUSE HE'S JAMES FRANCO
He's not even that smart
He's a douche
exactly
hes like
of course Harvard and nyu want a celebrity student
"im an artist and a write and an actor and a humble student and also ive read every book on the face of the planet and i smoke weed every day"
FUCK HIM
FUCK THAT GUY
hahahahahaha
And all people who are like that
Hahahaha
People who smoke so much weed they mistake being high for being a god damn philosopher
OMG HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I KNOW SO MANY PEOPLE THAT ARE THAT
Me too dude
Like you aren't smart or insightful
You are having a spiritual experience
It's fucking marijuana
hahahaha
its making your brain make connections
that are not there
That's exactly what it's doing
Literally and metaphorically
hahaha
I like people who smoke weed but I hate pot heads
The difference is
Pot heads are always self proclaimed as such
yep essentially
when i see someone bragging out a blunt or something on IG
im like
"youre going no where in life"
"hope you really like that tapestry, because youre going to be staring at it in your mom's house for the next 30 years"
People are like smoke weed and war will end. If the world leaders all smoked sour d at the same time
HAHA YES
Weed is like chocolate
It's not going to solve anything in life
It's just PLEASURE
its like a massage
not a religios text
religious
Hahahaha
Yea
People who smoke weed sometimes act like that they are seriously like in tune with nature or something and people who don't are missing out
It's like
No
You just smoke TOO much
hahahaha
you can like nature and not inhale burning plant matter, the two are not interconnected
I am in tune with #christ the savior. #totallykyle
who do you know thats been watching totally kyle
is it matt?!?!?
hahahaha
HAHAHA why do you say that
because it made me laugh
I just thought of it
IM GONNA HIT YOU IN THE HEAD WITH A BIG OL FISH
hahahahaha
amandamandamandamanda showww
Moodys point was genius
Thay was seriously such a good parody
wait moody?
i dont recall....
Google moodys point
You'll remember it I promise
It was on Amanda show
okay hahaha
i remember now!!!
hahaha
The big toe
Hahaha
The mellow drama
do you ever feel like
when youre in class
that you want to leave so so so badly
but you also dont want to go back to your dorm
because its just as boring?
YES
Especially when my time could be better spent
exactly, like now im getting paid to be bored
or i could go home and lose money to be bored
Paid is better
There is a CLEAR advantage
hahahaha
yes there is
but this coming paycheck will not be a big deal
itll be mostly reptile show spending money
I am payING to he bored hahaha
that i dont NEED
And oh yeah?
Why this pay check specifically
yea i always have this OCD thing where i see when my next check will be and pre-plan my budget
I do that in other things
because usually, but not always, one check is for rent, one check is not, one check is, one check isnt
Thay makes sense
so the non rent checks give me an extra 450
http://www.buzzfeed.com/richardhjames/court-reporter-ruins-transcripts-by-repeatedly-typing-i-hate
nan
DUDE
He's either an idiot
Or has brain damage
Dysgraphia.
That would be an awesome defense for this dude
Unless this is a joke
Because if so it's hilarious haha
i think its very funny
hahaha
i would do that
It is....
if i didnt care
Hahaha
It's the ULTIMATE practical joke
i have always wanted to plan the ultimate "i hate all of you" trick for when i quit my job
but
i work for a corporate department and i dont want sued
Oh darn
yea haha
because they can do that
wow heath ledger would be 35 today
thats so young
I can't think of one movie other than what's it called that he's been in
And wow yeah
Haha
holy shit dude haha
this guy who i buy geckos from
who is a good friend
just uploaded a video of him drumming some heavy metal shit
in his gecko room
he has a full kit, surrounded by racks of geckos
That's the funniest thing omg haha
dude like
its so BA\
hahaha
he names his geckos stuff like
well, the ones i got from him are "deadspawn", thanatos, grifter, and warblade
lolol
Fuck the zombies just got the dog I can't even
HAHAHA
That guy sounds awesome but also annoying
If that exists
WHO WOULD I TALK TO IF YOU DID NOT GET MY HUMOR
hahaha
hes like
a grown ass man though
like, he looks normal
he has a family
hes just metal as fuck
HAHAHA
So medal
But family das
medalzzzz
Dad
Family dad
omg
new seth macfarlane series
What?!
Lol
family guy and american dad....are like the same show.,...
haha
That would be nice. Because I've outgrown his bullshit
Wait is this a theory
Or real life
*cant....ev..........en*
its not real life
i promise
have you been watching new cosmos?
theyre really good
Yes.
I fucking love it
The animation works so well
it does
seth macfarlane made it
Yeah I know
and he wanted it to be so visually pleasing, that people who dont care about science will be sucked into it
Bella likes it
There you go
I'm the kind of person that watches something like that and then says *I want to minor in astronomy and astrophysics*

I'm very impressionable hahahaha
The music is nice too I think
i just think its so well made
hey do you watch shark tank? please say yes
It is. The production value is insane. Seth MacFarlane funded it too
i know haha
I do over the summer
Oddly
hes gotta be the riuchest guy ever
SRSLY
mark cuban is richer though
hahaha
And so are a lot of other people
yes
I mean
Ok haha
macfarlane was on shark tank once
recently
it was helping his friend sell a device that you sit over dog shit piles, and the flies stick to the device and get trapped
and seth was just like, i dont have a dog, but this is a great product
Really
and then he started doing impressions
the sharks were not impressed
hahahahaha
Hahahahahahahaha
it was SO awkward
he was on there for like 5 minutes
seth ruined the guy's deal
That is super odd
he liked...walked into the show half way through the guy's pitch, and started trying to tell them how awesome it was but he had never used one
and then he started saying mean things as stewy to the sharks
hahahahaha
That's stupid
Lol
I hate thay
I'd hate to know him
Haha
i think he seems very nice
he was just out of his element
besides, i dont need to meet him
People who do stewey impressions and wear clothes with stewey on them make me sick
i know a real life seth macfarlane
hahahahaha ME TOO
Do you know what type of person I mean
yes i do
fat, pimples, says gigidy, has never been laid
Like family guy is a 5/10 at best
American dad was way better
I say was
i actually like family guy, 8/10 when it's good
It's got a lot of themes in it that I'm not okay with. They contradict seths social views and they're really offensive. They're deep in there, and they're hard to see
Early family guy I guess couod be an 8
yea i do agree that the social views are misleading
my boss just said
that TM will hire anyone with a body temperature of a living being
hahahaha
Hahahahahahahaha
That's fucking hilarious
i know
sometimes hes awesome
sometimes hes not
So a microwaved pita
like right now when he hasnt answered the question i asked 3 hours ago
yes about like thaT
Hahahaha
sometimes crisp and savory
sometimes soggy and bland
I was gonna say that
Fuck you
hey hey hey, calm down, theres enough words in here for the both of us
Not in MY English language
hahahaha
dude im surrounded by people who can hardly speak english
i revel in the fact that you know words
hahaha
Hahahaha
What did that guy say
About he seen something
Dear god
You should have to take a proficiency test
That makes the company look bad
it looks terrible
barrett regrets hiring him
he told me so
hahaha
Hahahahaha
I laughed so hard when you sent me that
hahahaha
i think im going to leave work again
im tired of the ignorance sitting beside me and chris is sick
Can you afford to? Or is it not a huge deal?
well its only 1 occurence if you stay half the day
i have 9
i need to stay under 15
so im good
plus
Until when
since im saving all my money now
losing a little bit of my hourly wage wont hurt much
every 6 months, 2 occurences drop off
I mean when's your 6
oh i mean, every month
like this month, 2 occurrences dropped off from 6 months agop
i guess im coming in early tomorrow because this idiot is the only worker who will be here for fleetwood mac onsales
and i cannot let him destroy our pages with grammar errors
OHHHHH
I see
yep
waiting for chris to be done with his stuff so we can leave....
nan
ill catchya later broseph, have fun with bella =]
That's ks cya
keep me company chris is sick and im kind of sick and im working and hes not =/
That's lame dude
I'm sorry
i just want to start crying
like i am kind of teary now
i stopped doing drugs because i need to save for tinley
and so im just stuck at work, with nothing to entertain me, while chris is at home getting not paid
how am i even supposed to save money if he isnt working
im sick too but i came in anyways
You are too good for him
I can't stand this
but i dont even know if i am
emotionally im a trainwreck
I am telling you you are
I would not lie to you.
Emotions are irrelevant to that
but
i love chris
without me he would have to go live with his parents
i would never do that to him
I understand that
Believe me
why is this even happening
why is he forcing me to this point
i dont understand
Because you aren't just different youre opposites. But that doesn't mean you can't love one another
i love him but i feel almost like
i also resent him
i resent him for everything he doesnt do
im super upset about this
I know
my life without him wuld feel empty
"/
but my life with him is constant stress
i have to stop crying at work
i dont even know who i am right now
am i the kind of person that cant have a life partner because no one is ambitious enough for me?
No
then what do i even do
Dudr I dunno I hate to be this way but I'm bowling right now and I can't have a serious convo
oh sorry
seems like everyone is doing their own thing today
i look at the delicious, simple, and healthy recipes on buzzfeed and cry because i cant afford to make any of it
Hello
Wanna fill me in dude
Haha
well basically
chris knew something was up and read my messages
and he finally rrealized everything i was saying was true
and that hes not a trash person
nan
and that he hasnt been pulling his weight
and he filled out his fafsa
That's great
I saw that
and is going to go to schoool
dammit *school
I'm not okay with him reading our conversations, haha, but I mean whatever works
That's fantastic
well im okay with it because the things i tell other people are obviously how i really feel
and thats all i want, is for him to be receptive to my feelings
I would not tell him how I feel. That's what I take issue with. Hahaha. But yeah that was the whole point
Which he is doing. One step in a process can make the whole thing seem more do able
i explained to him how he needs to build short term goals and long term goals, because the short term goals keep you feeling like you can accomplish things
Yeah exactly
Like daily weekly and monthly accomplishments
yup
and i explained to him how his parents abused him
and i know he finally understands
because
he told me that when he called them and told them he was going to start school, and he needed tax info, they didnt even say they were proud of him or ANYTHING
That's dangerous territory. But thankfully he got it!! There was a huge chance that could have destroyed him. But I'm glad it worked out
And wow
I mean that must have been apparent to him
That's FUCKED
I'm more proud of him than his own parents. And i see him like once every couple of months
-.-
he saw what i told you and what you said and he thinks youre mad at him
he was like, upset about it
Nope I was just being a friend to you. Has nothing to do with him
i told him that
and i said youd be proud of him
for coming arond
Not even coming around
Just
Try to be happier
Not even like "improving life"
Just trying for the sake of your relationship
He doesn't deserve to be unhappy
thats what i told him last night.  i said hes a wonderful person that deserves to have a life that reflects that
Like I said
It's not his fault he's had a hard life
But it is up to him to change how he handles it
yep, just like everyone else
or
not like the hsitty people
because they dont handle it
Well said haha
hahaha
Of course I was mad
Though
You've been my best friend since pre k
What makes you unhappy makes me mad
It's not personal
haha its kind of expected
Like I'd expect the same from you
But objectively I'm not shaming chris for having a hard time with things
That's the god damn story of my life: handling life
I consider him a good friend
i keep telling him that you guys are friends
i and he knows that
Duh lol
but hes offput by your "bias" towards me
That's always going to exist
he thinks there is one
its so slight though
like, if i fuck up, you tell me
haha
You're always going to be my favorite of any friend I'll  have
Yeah
I tell you when I disagree with your actions hahaha
I don't coddle you because we're friends
exactly, and thats the best kind of friend
otherwise you'd be detrimental to me
Yeah. I like to consider myself "upsettingly honest"
Hahaha
YEAH EXACTLY
I am a friend but I have use
That's what a best friend is basically
It goes 2wayz
(A la two chainz the hip rapper my funny joke)
hahaha
I GOT CRACK
im doing a gecko photo dump
i just spent like 2 hours tediously doing "gecko photo yoga"
That sounds dirty
you have to hold so still in so many weird positions
it hurts
Wow
Yeah I can imagine
That would be a daunting task
like twisting yourwhole body to catch the sunlight
which i have to do
haha
Haha
JUST CONTORTING
pretty much
now i have to tediously organize all photos onto my business/personal pages and groups
Wow sounds hot. (Love organizing)
hahahahaha
hahahahahahaha
hahaha
jesus
I do love organizing dude
It satisfies my OCD on a massive scale
Like I could go hours without washing my hands
(Am normal. I realize this)
Also you mean the Mormon jesus. Fuck the Christian jesus
hahahaha
i love it too
well actually
i see it as free marketoing
if your photos are bright and draw attention
people like them
then they like you
Hm. That's very true
Hahaha
So i tried to watch the wolf of Wallstreet last night
Couldn't even finish it. I really just didn't get it. I think I am wet green slime incarnate
hahaha
wet green slime
I couldn't think of anything worse than slime time live slime
(Or better)
HAHAHA
dude look at the photos i uploaded on my business page
look how visually appealing
Alright
So damn colorful lol
right? hahaha
im using thos egeckos to my advantage
im about to post one thatll make your eyes bleed from beauty
I fucking dare you 
*Liam Neeson I'm going to kill you glare*
hahaha
LOOK
NOW
GO
i see that you approve
hahaha
OF THE ONES *I* LIKE SPECIFICALLY
yus
I am so excited to have a gecko
really ?! :D
Yes
Also What do you actually feed them. I've never quite understood that haha
hahaha
there are multiple types of powdered foods
or you can make your own food and refrigerate it
You know I'm on this bus and I can't stop laughing
Because I'm thinking about the movie grave encounters
Do you remember that movie
ummm
did we watch that?
No
then no lol
It's a movie about a show EXACTLY like ghost hunters
But
Shit turns out to be real
And they are eternally trapped
It's like pretty frightening,  but it's also one of the funniest things ever. I love it. I RECOMMEND IT
omg chris wilcher told me to watch that
It's so great
Like it's as scary as it is amusing
dude i have been more productive since i woke up at 10 ON MY ONLY DAY TO SLEEP IN than i can even conceive
haha
all work, some play
Hahaha
its not work if youre passionate about  it
SOME PLAY
hahahaha
That's true
here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUCcuXw1cfY
Cant. On bus. What is it so I can watch later
no
watch it now
chris says so
Ok. One second. Must insert head phobe
okay
Omg
Of all things that he could rant about
RANDOM RAIN IN BUENOS AIRES
he always talks about weather
he has a show
he does this ofdten
THIS PLACE IS SO SPECIFIC
And he keeps saying wear your raincoats hahah
BWENOS I REES
He also said 30 mm of rain hahaha
dude
hes so insane
he goes out in the rain
and yells at the camera
What is he
hahaha
lee showed me him
Disabled
Or crazy
Or
Haha
all of the above
grave encounters
is happening
HAHAHAHA
PREPARE YOURSELF FOR
something
I have NO IDEA how you will react to this
hahaha
really?
Yeah
why/
omg its zac bagans
It's a perfect mix of scary. (some of the visual effects are chilling) and hilarious.
yep
its a total ghost adventures rip off
hahahaha
There's your funny
It is
that fact is going to be distracting haha
At one point a ghost pulls some ones hair, and he continuously refers to it as "manipulation." He keeps saying "the ghost manipulated her hair" WILL YOU MANIPULATE MY HAIR NOW TO SHOW ME THAT YOURE HEAR
It's just
i dunno
lol
hahahaha
total zac bagans
He's always got that "voice" going on
its funny because im waiting for GA to be uploaded from last night
HAHA
this will do for now
hahahaha
there are some seriously scary moments.
but most of it
is like ghost adventures filler material
AND THE CLAIRVOYANT
HOUSTON GREY
IS THE BEST
hahahahaha
(not giving anything away)
(just an awesome name)
(he's also probably on crack)
im going to watch now
shhhh
mk
quiet inside voices
hahaha
im so bored
dude im having a terrible day
i threw my phone through a window
save me from working and tell me about it
wait
what
why
what happend?!
i was sitting on my bed crying about harvey, because i needed to take his cage down to access the closet, i needed to get some reptile supplies out of it.  so i start trying to take cage cage apart, and it just collapses, and the whole time my fucking phone is buzzing because no one will leave me alone, and i just took it and threw it as hard as i could
and it went through a window
that is not good
you know now that that response was inappropriate obviously. I mean clearly...I would be upset about that too
That's rough
i dont know how to cope
i just cry and get angry
I know
It's not your fault
im home alone today
As long as you can recognize what's an appropriate emotional response and what is "over the edge" you'll be okay. I understand that that isn't a solution though. An understanding doesn't prevent the way you feel, from happening at all
you are?
yea chris works today
its my only day off alone
and no one is free to go do anything
so im just stuck in the house being bitter and upset that i cant leave to do anything
go on a walk or something. Don't sit around with pent up aggression. That's no good
i have to take a shower if i want to leave the house
and i cant bring myself to do that
ill probably end up messing around with animals
Well that's something
i got a new snake today
it looks like an uncooked pretzel
HAHA
so doughy
text me and ill send pictures haha
...what's your phone number again.... I never save it because we always facebook
yea i have the same issue haha
304 356 9048
How was that cinema film
amazing
gonna watch the second one tonight
YES
I needed your OK
its not even scary
I wanted to give it a try this weekend
its like mind fuck
crazy torture
I like that
as long as it's GOOD
yes
me too
it is
I don't need it to horrify me
its genius
Just saw a trailer for godzilla
with bryan cranston
my life is so exciting now
im way excited for that
haha
also the collection is amazing
YEAH I KNOW
and really
it seemed like one of those "low on the radar for a reason" movies
but I guess not
nope its good
i remember seeing the trailer
and wanting to see it
I forget movie trailers so easily
I love a long while later
seeing the movie
and saying
OH YAH
yep
even chris likes it
haha
does he not usually like the collection?
hahaha
he doesnt usually like movies
does he like series rather
yes
nan
wtf is that supposed to be
hahahaha
what the hell
thats so odd
it's weird
nan
nan
all of these are fucking weird
nan
that paw is so vascular
throbbing cat paw
yum
help me feel better, im lonely and sad
How
im never going to be good enough for my own approval
ive found my critical flaw
I'm not either. I have the same issue. It sucks
nan
i hate everyone for what they have that i dont
i drive a car that may blow up at any second
i have a house with terrible insulation and my electric/gas bills are through the roof
plus a myriad of other things about it are fucked
and i pay 450 a month for none of that to be fixed
You can't spend your life being mad about what you don't have. Because the truth is the people that have everything don't deserve it and never will
thats what makes me so angry about it
they dont deserve it
also im starting to actually hate josh
Because he's a huge bummer right
And try not to get angry
There are things you can get mad about that you CAN change
i know
he just never wants to talk to me
if he does, its for two seconds until he stops responding
He's being distant?
he's put off our brunch for 3 weeks and then "scheduled it" for "the 13th"
like what the hell
just fucking go somewhere with me
its not a big deal
normally he'll message me with a stupid link to something i dont care about
but recently i get nothing
I hate that
yesterday i asked how he was doing, and he said "getting in the shower, be back", and then he just never said anything else all day
People who aren't that busy acting like they need to plan shit
i dont know why hes being like this
Ask him
and i do know that if he wants to be like this that i dont want anything to do with it
how would i ask that without being creepy?
Worrying about bring creepy will make your asking sound creepy
Just ask
Don't be weird
Just up front
i said
"so whats been going on with you recently?"
which isnt like saying "whats wrong with you"
its a general question
Yeah it is
his responde
response
"nothing"
what a dick
so i asked if im bothering him, because obviously hes pissed about something or he's done being friends with me because i wont have sex with him
and he said, "no"
wtf do i say
Just cut him off
i told him this
He's being an ass
me:  i dont really know how to talk to you right now
so i guess ill let you talk if you want
and of course he said ntohing
nothing
That's not worth the trouble
" me:  i feel like youre avoiding me or dont really want to talk to me, if thats the case, you could just say so and save me the trouble of trying"
issue...kind of resolved?
" me:  yesterday i asked you what was up, and you said you had to go do something and youd be back, and then you never said anything
to me, thats like avoiding
if its purposeful
i dont know
 lordmacbayne:  actually
i noticed that yesterday
and i meant to say i was sorry
i've been very busy at work
at feeling shitty otherwise.
 me:  I didn't want to say anything about it
Because I know you've got your own shit going on
 lordmacbayne:  its ok.
im  sorry"
wowwwww
and then he sent me a formal google invitation to lunch
on "the 13th"
-.-
why is it formal
that's so annoying
and then he comes into work, kicks me in the back of my chair, looks at me, and walks away
as if he's so damn important and busy
you must now SCHEDULE
to be his friend
he's socially retarded hahaha
or just doesnt get it
apparently hes super depressed recently
he told me all about it
he gave up on the waitress
and he still misses his ex
so, old news
poor charlie
i mean
hahahahahaha
josh
hahahahaha
or joshua (if we want to go and use christian names)
bahaha
i just want to call him
jehovah
because josh means god or something
hahahaha
with a crip georgia accent
HAHAHAHAHA
IM LISTENING TO WU TANG RIGHT NOW
IT'S LIKE MOLASSES JUST SPILLIN OUTAYA MOUTH
HAHAHAHAHAH
I like wu tang SOMEtimes
ANDY
OMG
YES
I fucking hate when he says thart
im only listening to it, because 1) i do like it on occasion
and 2) josh apparently loves old school rap and reminded me of it
he was telling me all about public enemy and stuff
and im just like
loooooool
I like public enemy. But I hate that josh likes public enemy
I mean
charlie jehova christ
FERGIE
hahahaha
can i call him fergie
i guess we're going to eat at tricky fish because chris hates black sheep so much
call him what you please
hes not a human
hes like
a thing to observe
name it what you will
a rat in a cage (despite all my rage)
HOW CAN CHRIS HATE IT
he LOVES smashing pumpkins
loves loves loves
and chris hates probably because of josh
hahahaha
HE ASSOCIATES IT WITH JOSH'S SEX DICK AND YOU AT A TABLE
...omg
HAHAHAHAHAH
yes he does
I am in public
laughing
and I don't care
I forgot
If you just laugh and get it over with, it's fine
holding in the laugh is awful
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
like a 5 second laugh can be held in for an hour
holding int he laugh makes you look crazy
laughing just makes you look weird
yeah exactly
as i sit here, holding my laughter
hahahahaa
*does sex smile for chick in "gir" sweatshirt*
*laughs casually*
facebook
omg what
tell me you didnt do anything that could be described as a "sex smile"
I didn't
..
..
.
.
.
.
..
.
I couldn't take it
it was becoming excessive (my laffs)
for teh laffs
god's erection
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
hell no son
god doesnt have a sex dick
get your mind out of the gutter
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
What are you up to
at work yo
talking to ariel
he's going to give me philippe's phone number
and you dont know this but
what butt
mabe I do no
thats like having fucking leo dicaprios number
so someone who's aging and hasn't ever been recognized for his accomplishments
well, he is aging
he is highly regarded as the best
he brought the original geckos over here
there are three guys
dude
so
he's
frank fast, allen repashy, philippe de vosjoli
'the original'
philippe is the most highly regarded as far as knowledge of animals
he has written tons of books
I know
I googled him
both about animals and about fantasy nonsense
hahaha
he is very awesome from what I've
*REAAAAAAAADDDD*
yea so
ariel is just like
call him and mention my name
he wont send you photos of the animals
he will only senmd you beautiful animals
because you know they're good
you don't need photos?
or am I confused
essentially
im a little troubled though
y
because i dont think ariel's eye for perfection is as keen as mine
i only want to produce excellence
(reptile eugenics)
and honestly, i think i could find better gargoyles from a private breeder who has been working with them exclusively, where as philippe works with tons of species
(you are animal hitler)
maybe thats why i always have hitler watching my geckos
to oversee the eugenics
question
this is a loaded question
haha
okay
would you "engineer" reptiles if you could? to make the perfect specimens? Or is it about the challenge of doing it by "hand?"
well, i am engineering them, one generation at a time.  and it's especially difficult with crested geckos, because it takes them around 2 years to be sexually mature, if not longer, and you cannot line-breed them because originally only 200 specimens were imported
the gene pool is so small that only fucking idiots and greedy pigs breed them back
where with leos, they are mature in 8 months, and if i want to, to refine a trait, i can breed back to parents
you avoided my question. If you could use a machine to create the perfect geckos would you?
oh, hm...
well
probably not
what if you could give them all blue eyes and make them christian
if they had built in wings and halos
then yes
something is wrong with me
we watched a video of a schizophrenic in class a little bit a go
and I kept laughing
I was dying
he was like
"ropes, angels, and I'm the son of god" 
"all of them inside of me"
"they know I'm the father of jesus christ"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ALL OF THEM INSIDE ME
thank you
validation
im telling ariel about you
what are you sayin'
*'*
that youre studying neuroscience and stuff, and you may want to practice in chicago, and that youre incredibly similar to me haha
he said "smart kid"
I am incredibly similar to you
I can't wait to go to chicago
this will determine if I apply to a bunch of med schools in ny, or a bunch in chicago. I'm not doing both
I hope to god I like chicago better
because it's also in the midwest
it's easier to get to
And hopefully doesn't smell like urine in the summer
hahahaha the smell of summer in nyc
is unforgettable
It's fried food and piss
And everyone has iced mccafes even though there are thousands of good coffee shops
They fuckin love McDonald's and those piece of shit food carts
WHY
hahahaha
i like street meat
but i wouldnt get mcdonalds there
dummies
I LIKE GOD'S MEAT
I need to put that one to bed
*lol*
...dont put god's meat to bed
please
nan
because i dont even know what would happen then
nan
You're finished (:
hahahaha
nan
I said it like Shannon chatting
With the difficult emoticoj
oh she does that?
nobody does that
i think the next expensive gecko i buy
i will name
Skrilla
hahaha
i also would like to name a leachie Stacks
oh shit, thats my next leachie pair
stacks and skrilla
or maybe Stax and Skrilla
haha
nan
O


what int he whole wild world

are you even
doing
right
njow
*#!!
jesus christ
jesus
christ
je
sus
ch
ris
t
He and I
so you need to watch grave encounters 2
it got shitty ratings
but its way better than the first
I had no idea
I'm excited haha
yea dude
im glad i gave it a chance
its crazy
like, the story interconnects and finishes well
Thank god
hahaha
i dont want to give it away
so you should watch it asap
lol
Is it satanic or medical experiment
Just day
Say
both
they add in a bunch of new elements
its not douchey anymore because the film is by film students in college
and they just throw so many curve balls
Meat tornado
like when a tornado hits a Tyson facility
Mike tyson
Power plate
Salad
Salad
dude im so tired, i havent been getting enough sleep
chris always wants to stay up until 2 and just watch stuff on the internet
i think when i go home i am going to force myself to sleep by taking klonopins and just waiting
Neither of us can do that hahaha
WAITING
yes
for death
not real death
like the sleep kind
temporary death
Like when you get the itis
Hahahahahaha
omg dude yes
i said that the other day
nan
i made chris go to hibachi with me because he needs to learn about what adventure and fun new experiences are
and after i was done eating
He does
i laid on the table, inflicted by the itis
THAT PLACE WILL GIVE IT TO YA
seriously
you pay for one meal
they serve you 4
OH HEAVENS
*so dead*
Crying laughing "emoji"
why havent i downloaded emojis on my iphone
does that make me an adult?
hahaha
Yes.
I hate teen girls who use the crying laughing one
Or anyone whondoes
They're fine
Until you say
GTFO LMAOOO;; *Crying laughing emoji*
omg dude i totally agree
like
PICK ONE
nan
Gayges
dude i cant explain how tired i am
That is a good explanation of your tiredness
i went on lunch and just sat on a bench and stared at the ground for 30 minutes trying not to fall asleep
Have half of an 8 oz cup of coffee
That's what I do
Just enough without tipping
no dude i respond so badly to caffeine
also
Me too
That's why I have 3.5 oz of it haha
i almost had a panic attack already this morning so i took 2 klonopin
Or 4 omg
Rwally?
Yeah that can actually happen from exhaustion
Your fatigued mind tries to compensate
And you kind of dissociate as you fight it and go into fight or flight
Losing sleep is literal hell
i know dude
youre the only one who understands
it accumulates
It does somehow
and each day i get more and more depressed and irritable
I get cha
I get panicky without sleep as well. It's like when  you feel a sneeze coming
You're like please body stay calm haha
MAYONAISE
hahaha
mayonaise
Sneeze crisis averted
If only that worked for imminent anxiety attacks hahahaha
sneezing is fun
anxiety attacks are not
hahaha
I hate sneezing
Here's why
1) I get anxious about people judging my sneeze technique
2) next time you sneeze...Notice the smell. It's so awful
if you have a srtinky sneeze
thats a medical condition
hahahaha
Not like awful smell.
The smell of mucous in your sinuses
There is an IDIOT therapist
Talking to a girl with the door open
She is loud
I am really uncomfortable
Also I must Google this. I hope I'm not sick hahaha
hahaha
I'm good. I just have POWERFUL OLFACTION
it just reminded me of michael basille
Hahaha what
who told me how he had a sinus infection
and his sneezes smelled like death
lololol
Okay yeah I wasn't talking "death"
More like
Wetness inside your head
ewww haha
i never notice that
now i cant find michael basille on FB =/
i was hoping to reconnect with him
he was a good friend
I think he may have deleted it
He Like lives in Boston now or something haha
yea somewhere
he was a smart kid
he was going places
Just did a twitter scan. You're right. He's in like a good business school or something.
I talked to him like 3 times total
we had home room together and like...some of the mean jocky kids were nice to me because i was smart, and in classes with them, and i didnt hang out with the trash weird kids.  i was a smartkid.
and they were all AMAZED at how well i did while out of my mind loaded on dope
Wait what
yea like
ryan besky
austin rosencrance
Sorry just got the first part of that
Yeah I was amazed
Lol
i mean, i managed...somehow
You were always on triple c's. Like ALWAYS haha
You were like MICHAEL LET'S TRIP DURING CLASS TOGETHER and I was like NOOOOOOOO NOT TODAY
i didnt do those that often
honestly
because they scared me
I know I know
and i didnt buy them or anything
Sometimes I wish I could redo high school. Just to do it right knowing what I know now.
But then I'm lkke
THAT'S DUMB
"do it right?"
what would you change?
Not been scene. Hung out with you instead as well as people that I abandoned to be scene.
yea you did kind of sto talking to me for awhile
and you hung out with all those idiot kids that i wanted to hit with my car while leaving school
That was stupid of me
I could have been happier and done better in school and not ignored you haha
And literally happier
Not just the opposite of emo
yea i kinda felt like, eh, people only like me because i have drug connections and i dress weird
so ill just run with that
i didnt actually have real friends
i dont talk to any of those people
I didn't either
Haha
Well I did before I was scene
THAT WAS THE WORDS GOD DAMN PHASE
i hated that word
so so much
Worst part about being scene:
Unlike being emo you didn't deny it. You like fucking preached it to the world
WHY GOD
"im not emo...im punk rock"
hahaha
Hahahahahaha
I'm just...ALTERNATIVE
hahaha
dude my biggest obstacle right now
is finding the right leachie to buy
because i made the mistake of letting the fucking people pick out my female leachie to "match" my male, so they would make nice babies together
and they sent me a female that just does not go with him AT ALL
Mine is Dinner. I'm eating egg salad at a college eatery. Obvi that's not going over well with the others
Wow what a fuck
PICK A GOOD ONE ON YOUR KWN
i cant find one thats good enough
This goes back to my theory about bio engineering geckos with a contraption
if you can engineer them in half a second
wheres the fun in that?
You cant. It takes an hour not to mention it's designed where you pick traits by mixing and matching things like making colors from oil paint. It's a game you can lose at. You can create a sick gecko
Wait that's also lame but in a different way
hahahaha
i mean
the fun is in raising them up and watching them eat, weighing them, seeing them pair up, the excitement of waiting on an egg to hatch
if i were offered an ounce of weed or a fresh pair of nitemare x thanatos eggs, id go with the eggs
Me too
hahaha
I don't smoke weed
but you could sell it
Get it
I'd rather smoke it. At least if I got caught I would feel pleasure
hahahaha
good choice
you shchizo
BAD CHOICE MICHAEL
BAD CHOICE
What is going on
if you smo wee
you could go cray zee
That's why I'm waiting until I'm 25
I'm giving my brain time to recover from being 16
(Laughs)
I'll try it at least one more time
hahaha
how about 21
BE EDGY
chicago weed man
just to make it worth your while, ill buy it from a gecko person
itll be a good story
As long as I have access to
ANXIOLYTICS
*7*
Go
actually i do have to go
GOOD BYE MY DEAR FRIEND
nan
I've been creeping on travis's posts for like a week now. I definitely like him. He's the only other person I know who actually identifies as Cis.
Cis?
basically means that you identify with the gender you were raised as and are recognized by. It's the oposite of transgender.
oh
so
why even say that
hahahaha
"normal" is what you mean
no
haha
dude
normal is not a thing
statistically it is though
the majority against the minority
saying that people that aren't trans or intersex  aren't normal is kind of transphobic
('I'M ANNOYINGLY PROGRESSIVE)
the majority of people ARE Cisgender
yes
that's true
(you have the option of telling me that I'm annoying)
hahahaha
i dont care what your views are, i still see a normal and a not normal based on "the norm", aka the majority
but youre right too in your own respect
i just dont give a shit
haha
Which is okay
You live in west virginia
we both do basivally
it's not an issue there
hahaha
i mean, it's not an issue for me anywhere
haha
it is
I PROMISE
i dont care about gay right or whatever, i dont think they should be denied them but im not going to fight for them
because people as a whole are evil
whether they like dick or vagina
or both
it
it's not about gay rights
that's different
This is closer to segregation
THIS CONVERSATION IS ENDING NOW
WE DONT GET DEEP
NOW
jamee and chad are some people i work very closely with because of the reptile show
jamee is a gay girl dating a man who is trying to be a woman but still wants to fuck a girl
so
im pretty okay with whatever
that's fine dude
haha
idc
I was just telling you what Cis meant and how I felt about it as far as being trans-sensitive
OPINIONS ARE LIKE SHINY LEATHER FLESH KNIVES
EVERYONE HAS ONE.
so youre telling me that the point of cis
is to find SOMETHING to call your sexual orientation
that isnt "normal"
so as not to alienate
others
it's just a specific way to describe yourself
right but why does it need to be said
why cant you just be like, im straight
nothing else to it
it's not sexual orientation
it's gender
hahaha
then why not say, im male
dont laugh at me
ill cut you
because male is a sex. Man is a gender. Cis male is the same as cis man, aka you were born a male and feel that acurately describes your gender
ITS OK
im being prejudiced against for not being up to date on the LGBT and gender identification fads
get out
right now
HJAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
*gone*
hahahaha
im so depressed dude
i hate coming home now
theres nothing here
its the same stuff every day
I'm sorry : /
i came home and looked at my couch and my laptop
and imagined tonight being just like the last 360 some nights
or whatever
and i just wanted to run back outside and get in the car
and just drive
I know how tht feels
i always feel so good about myself
until i see what others have
and then im ashamed
EVerybody does that
except for the people who have the cushy lives
nice car
big house
job they love
friends and family
they want more
trust me
then, i will never be happy
shoot
I fucked myselc with that logic
no no, ive already thought about this
was thinking about it today
how no one is ever satisfied with what they have
that's true
everyone is left.....
.....WANTING
this is seriously depressing news
oh boy
on my deathbed i will think of all the things i never did, probably
im okay for now
but still
thats insane
dude
I mean
yes...that's true
hahaha
I will as well
That isn't news though
it's more
statement
lol
true
man i dont want to keep smoking a ton of weed
but i need SOME
and i cant find any
it helps my depression so much
I bet it does dude.
I'm sorry
But you've still gotta make sure not to buy a bunch of it
unitl oct
haha
i know this
the most of my savings will come from
the fact that im not buying 2 reptiles a month
and the reptiles that i will be selling in 3-4 months
oh yeah
that's right
I wish doctors prescribed weed
wouldn't that make it easier
hahaha
yea it sure would
they proposed a bill for it
then i could get on the affordable care act
and my home dawg obama could sell me some weed
but fucking dum fuck wv legislators didn't look it over really
HAHAHAHA
OMG
that woul be essentially what was going on
HAHAHHA
i mean, it is in many states
hahaha
yep
obama is like
the biggest drug lord ever
GIRL ARE YOU SAD
GOT GLAUCOMA
SICK FROM CANCER TREATMENT
PANICKING AT THE MALL WITH YOUR FRIENDS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
have some pot
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
i imagined drake saying all of that
-President Obama
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAH
I said it in a drake fashion
you did
GIRL
hahahaha
Except have some pot would be "I'm gonna kiss and fuck the #sadness out of your teeth"
oh drake
you're such a romantic!
*girls dresses blow in the wind*
*post-menopausal women ovulate like never before*
HAHAHAHAHAA
omg
so how has no one written an article
EVEN REPUBLICANS
about obama being literally a drug dealetr
dealer
Who knows. I wouldn't throw that idea out in the open though hahaha.
BECAUSE HE'S HELPING SAD BOYZ GET GLAD
with pot plants
I'm fixated on depression now
hahahaha
i wish i could throw it out there and be ironic about it and people NOT steal it for the barackalypse
I wish so too
it would be hilarious on the onion
HOWEVER
it would be ammunition for my grandmother to annoy me with after watching the oreilly factor (WAY past her bedtime anyway)
did you say barakalypse
dear god
hahaha
hahahah
HAHAHAHAHAHA
PAST HER BEDTIME?
HAHAHAHA
hahahaha
omg
hahaha
SHE'S IN HER 70S.
you should incept her dreams
and make the lord christ appear to her
and tell her
he does not exist
he was taken by dysentery
hahahahaha
then his skin falls off
and he is john smith
after ass fucking mary magdalene
*whole congregation gasps*
i heard a loud whole congregation gasp
in my head
very effective
yes
*congratz*
I just felt bill maher shaking my hand and telling me thanks as you said "congratz", handing over the "asshole of the year" award to me
josh steals it
asshole of the year hahaha
he knows bill maher has touched it
he fucks it
but it's metal
he bleeds out
asshole of the year goes to anthony caponetto
he will be at tinley
i want to key his car
actually
i would put a potato in his exhaust
why
he's on google
he called me ursula the sea witch
OH YEAH
he is the lead producer of crested geckos in the us
he produces mostly shit
FUCK HIM
all of it is filthy bloodlines
MUDBLOODS
they are
they have genetic deformities sometimes
you know
only 200 crested geckos ever came her from oceana
the millions here today
are all related
WOW
so if you PURPOSEFULLY line breed
so there are a lot of issues with them
it will fuck shit up
yeah
not generally, theyr every resilient
most of them are super hardy and healthy
not his though
wow
that's intersting
yep
i have one animal from him
that i bought before i hated him
and it will not keep weight on
ursula
THAT IS NOT EVEN AN INSULT
it has bveen dropping weight since i got him in the mail
SHE IS A POWERFUL SEA WITCH
hahahaha
she is!
shes bad ass!
SHE ALMOST DEFEATED KING TRITAN WHO WAS A HUGE PUSSY
exactly
im a valiant warrior
a maverick
a champion of sorts
thats me
NOTHING CAN GET IN MY WAY
I MAY DIE COMPLETELY INSANE
BUT I WILL DIE A WINNER
I am making mat a facebook when I get back
My mom said the people at pets smart hate him
yay!
hahahahahahahaha
lololol
does he just call them on their shit constantly?
ill be matt's best friend too
hahaha
He said
and I quote
well second hadn from my mom
My mom asked him about a game he was playing , and he said "Oh didn't you hear I'm a gamer now."
Apparently he laughed afterwards.
He is caked with irony. Facebook gold
hahaha
HAHAHAHA
I CANT STOP LAUGHING
I know right
He also said recently
that he hadn't played xbox in so long because he thought "people would think he was weird." 
Then after saying it he realized how he is already weird and recanted his earlier statement
*I'm schizophrenic, NVM*
HAHAHAHA
I LOVE MATT
chris needs to meet him
he's so hilarious
tell me another matt story
involving something
hilarious
obviously
have I told you how he patronized maria
about boys
or
omg
hahahahahaha
tell me
now
his response to the pastor of my grandmas church
about drinking the water
tell me everything
I think I did actually
EVERYTHING
My sister gets in the car
matt had apparently been watching her
my mom said
who were you talking to
and she goes
MY FRIEND MARTA
and matt says
"What about the large black guy what was his name"
Story number 2:
HAHAHAHAHAHA
go
My grandma took matt to church, where the pastor said FORGET ALL OF THESE CHEMICAL WARNINGS WE'VE BEEN DRINKING CHEMICALS FOR YEARS and drank a cup of posison water in front of the church congregation. Matt says "I think we need a new pastor" and my grandma says "Yeah he's gonna die from those chemicals."


Matt looks around nervously...he was talking about replacing him with a smarter one.
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
your brother is like
comedy gold
untapped
he is
because everyone thinks he is mentally retarded or something, and disregards what he says. the reality is, he is REALLY smart, and if you listen closely enough, you can catch the microaggressions and sarcasmm
i know hes really smart
ive always know he was very intelligent
i always thought it was weird the way people treated him like a baby
he is ill, not dumb
He hates that
but he's learned to take advantage of it
haha!
genius
my grandma does anything he says
yeah dude
there are college professors who are schizophrenic
and matt has gotten through the worst part of his disease
like it's only going to get better
i know i can definitely see his improvements
(no one knows that because he hasn't develop proper social skills yet)
but i like matt with subpar social skills
he's funnier
haha
i do too
hes like
so shy
and awkward
hahahaha
hahaha right
and if he wants to start a conversation
he doesn't start with a greeting
he just says your name
and states his case
*says name*
*states case*
HE DOES
"hey...hunter...do you think i could put an iguana in this room?"
which is good though in a way
NO BS
ALLLLL BUSINESS
i like getting down to brass tax
i dot know what that means
me neither
i do figuratively
but thats it
hahaha
I HATE THAT
there are so many phrases
that we use
that we justdon't know what they really mean
DUDE
MY GRANDMA
SAYS THIS
When she has a lot of something she says:

I have more _____ than Carter (reference to president jimmy carter) has little liver pills!
what the FUCK does that mean
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I asked her
and she was like
"well lawd idun know!"
omg
hahahaha
i just added zach pauley to get weed
because i assumed he would have some
and he doesnt
hes like
a functioning adult now
NO
hahahahaha
what
I KNOW DUDE
he was like, im glad you got cleaned up, i did to etc etc
did NOT see that coming
He was about half as mature as us all through high school and so fucked up all the time
I can't believe that
hahaha
i know!!!
i expected him to be like nick swardson in that "green" sketch
ALL I DO IS SMOO WEEE
HAHAHA
exactly
I never had respect for that dude. I didn't even hate him
I pittied him
and now
HE ALL BETTET
i never hated him either, i just felt bad for him
he was always nice enough
yeah dude
he was just pathetic
I got in a few arguments with him
bella related probably
he was harassing bella or something and he kept calling me a fag and I gave up
yep
ahahaha
child ehavior
It was like talking to a brick wall
HAHAHA
hahahaha
i mean
even though hes cleaned up
like
that doesnt unfry his brain
one that could say fag
HAHAHAHA
HE CANNOT CALL SOMEONE A FAG
HE CANNOT
yeah dude
he's bisexual
haha
I KNOW for a FACT that he hads been with dudes
lol
everyone does
he was never secretive about it
haha
he was ACTUALLY WAS on tripple c's all the time
hahahaha
he and quinn man
fuck quinn
that guy is TRASH
dude he's a piece of SHIT
cant wait to go to his funeral
so i can not go
HUMAN SHIT
HUMAN MEAT
HAHAHA
what kind of meat is this frank
*waddles over with slobbering mouth and hopeful look*
it's HUMAN MEAT
HAHAHAHAHAHA
and he says it
in that
street urchin way
YES
like he's so proud
of what he had done
hahahahaha
quinn tricked me into taking him to a drug deal
what
hahahaha
he had several o's of weed in my car
and a gun
I later realized
WHAT INT HE FUCK
hahahaha
I was PISSED
why was he in your car/
that's jailtime kind of business
you should have pushed him out the door
because I was "hanging out" with him
It in like 2011
yea i know everyone has hung out with a)quinn b)zach pauley at least once at the mall
in the parking garage
HAHAHAHAHA
Zach pauley as a person
was only as intersting as the mall parking garage
that's why he was always there
HAHAHAHAHA
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
HIS PERSONALITY
IS THE GARAGE
HE IS
THE MALL GARAGE
basically
no, exactly
his voice has no affect
its so flat
like concrete
hahahahahahahaha
his affect in general is just
"k"
HAHAHAHAHA
dude
dude
I just bit my headphones
we are carry brownstein and fred armisen
there is a music plauyer controller
all of the sudden
ACE OF SPADES by motor head started playing REALLY LOUD and scared me
because I bit a button
WHAT THE FUCK
hahahaha
THEYACEOFSPAAAADES
HAHAHAHHAHAHA
THATS HOW HE COOKS IT
dude
he just asked me
if i have chamemleon
he wants one
and im like
come to the showwwww
DUDE
look at his photos
remember his little green chameleon? he named it
REEFER
no I don'tI
I don't know him
hahaha
is it dead?
it died
yes
lol
did he try to get it high
I bet he suffocated it
i think he did
probably
i dont know but im guessing yes
hahahaha
That's a good guess
I hate people who force animals to smoke
like
there's no point
they can't enjoy it
at best
they'll suffocate
HAHA
exactly
like, maybe they will get ahunger increase
thats all i can think of
i dont know if they feel pleasure
or if they have those brain receptors
They do
but they work differently than ours
all brains have the same structure
but the function is different
an overload of dopamine might even hurt little animals.
we know that smoke can suffocate though
that much we do know
hahaha
hahaha
yes we do
not rocket science
SMOKEEEEEEEEEEE
SMOKE
SMOKING
ya dont have to be a herpetologist to know how to die
VAPING
i cant find weed anywhere
i even asked turner
NO ONE
HAS
ANYTHING
HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE
sometimes
in charleston
just dry
that all
its bs because
the guys dont have anything
but they KNOW who does have it
but they wont hook you up with that person
because they are SELF ISH
*claps and teleports aways like night crawler*
i can never remember exactly HOW you are nightcrawler
like, in what order you clap and teleport away
like how did I come to that phrase
?
you just
said it
lol
ass
FUCK
yes
what
ass fuck
hahaha
what the fuck is wrong with you
fuck you
a lot of things
my main problem
is my lack of fucks
hahaha
dude
watch grave encounters 2
do it
I will this weekend
what if geckos had beards
would you chop their feet off
HAHAHAHAHA
well bearded dragons have beards
AND feet
#beards
#dads have #beards usually#
usually what?
USUALLY WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU TAGGING THERE
the joke is
THERES A HASHTAG WITH NO TREND AFTER IT
HE;LP
I CANT READ IT
that the tag is in the wrong place
I DONT UNDERSTAND
it's super irony
#HELP #ME
#PLEASE
like I "fucked up typing"
no#
#SPEAKMYLANGUAGE #YOUKNOW
Angels# have nice asses
hahahaha
the baseball team?
no
i dont like asses
but id agree
elohim
mihole
who the fuck likes the angels
mihole
hahahahahahah
omg
MY HOLE
MORMONIS IS STILL SEX
MORMONISM*
THAT CANT BE COINCIDENCE
OMG
CELESTIAL SEX
MY HOLE
PATCHES NO *echoes out*
ENDLESS CELESTIAL SEX
*patches masturbates*
*gods photo falls onto his face*
*oops*
patches returns to earth
back for the big show
hahahahahahaha
hahahahaha
omg patces
patches
you so crazy
patches in back in the show
he's pissing on everyone
beans coming out of his mouth
HAHAHAHA
FUCKING BEANS
the first time I said that I lost it
hahahahaha
BEANS
COMIN OUT
HIS MOUF
patches looks to the heavens
he spreads his claws
they flex and extend
he groans
all other cats are dead
no one is a virgin anymore#
gods asshole falls from the sky at 100000 mph towards patches
he reverse shits patches
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
patches bursts out of his mouth, farting
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAAHAHAHAHA
#hot
help
I can't breathe
i couldnt either
i was
LULZING SO HARD
laffs
laffs all around
*patches claps, approvingly*
having sex at 60
HAHAHAHA JESUS GOD NO
PAPER SIN
SKIN
AND SIN
HAHAHAHA
She licks her finger before turning to the next cock
NO
NO STOP
#oldpeoplesexx
NO JESUS GOD NO
PATCHES LEAVE THAT POOR GERIATRIC BASTARD ALONE!
#dryskin
#dryeverything
Blood everywhere
patches enters stage left
he is running
NO
he is running
hahahahahaha
HES RUNNING
AND RUNNING
AND RUNNING
*SLAM DUNK*
ORCA WHALE BREACHES
gods ass fast and hungry
BALLOONS FALL
FIESTA
*UPON CLOSER INSPECTION BALLOONS ARE ACTUALLY BLOWN UP DOG DICKS"
inside patches
(spinning dog cocks on a rotary phone)
HAHAHA
dog cok
is handel
use dog cok
for talk box
what the hell is wrong witrh us
with
lol
patches is hungry
his girlfriend tonia who faked surviving 9/11 brings him a mayonaise and penis sandwich
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
FAKES SURVIVING 9/11
both are horny so patches kills her she is a bitch
patches goes back to the big show
patches kills the big show
then patches goes to the big cat show
im dying
hahahahaha
opens arms
burns his flesh with a soldering iron
he is hot
and liquid
as liquid
he descends into gods ass hole from above-below
everyone is pregnant
reverse shit
" hot hot hot "
god said
patches seeps through gods pores, killing him
god comes back to life
he is immortal
#praise
patches goes to his other girlfriend
allen
who is a transwoman
but used to be a cis cow
he cuts her up into little paul
paul
paul
paul
look up john 3:14 in the bible
patches is vaping
patches is vaping
#alert alert#
god is vaping with patches
HAHAHAHAHAHA
together they #vape
it is beautiful
you have no idea how many vape accounts follow my twitter and tumblr
you hashtag vape ONE TIME
ONE ITME
chris would be proud
and your suddenly a vapist.
A VAPIST
hahaha
that's my word.
vapist tm
chris is a vapist
but not the bad ki nd
hahahahaha
vaping rapists
he only vapes with consent of the vapee
are the bad kikind
i was updating josh on patches
he says "youre cool"
wht is he 13
you're cool (: lol!!!!!!!
and i asked him if it is apparent from an outside view how similar we are
no he was saying YOU are cool
my bad
anyways
wait did you fucking send him my stories
he said we seem pretty different
no
whats going on
i just told him about patches
hahaha
whats going on
he says that you and i do not seem similar in person
we seem like we are not the same
even though we totally are
i was acting differently in front of him per your request
remember
you said to just observe him
and don't make a scene
HAHA
well
he said
and to keep ot myself
hahaa
it seems like we are in sync in a way that is not verbal
OMG
SHOULD I CALL HIMON IT
HE JUST STATED THAT HE BELIEVES SOMETHING
THAT CANT BE PROVED BY SCIENCE
EGAD
WHAT DID HE SAY
that you and i seem to be in sync in a way that is not verbal.  as in ...telecommunication
call him on it
you know what peeves me
I mean I'm okay with atheism
I don't claim to it
but
It irks me
when people who aren't scientists constantly use science as a defense
just use your belief
yes i dont like it
i hate people with strong beliefs, of any kind, that will not accept that they may be wrong
I KNOW
me too
I'm very open minded
that's why I don't claim to be atheist
i hate close minded people is what im saying
hahaha
Atheists and christians are BASICALLY the same
they are
crazy
ahahaha
like obviously one is right and one is wrong
but the personalities of these people
GOOD GOD
no one cares anymore after listening to them
is josh an atheist
(hehe)
hahahaha
EXTREMELY
you know this
I know
does he know I'm god
he will soon enough...
Patches.......ARIIIIIISEEEE
*screamo*
bass drop
He is risen
on this third day
of june
*angels sing and children play flutes made from old dicks*
OLD
DICKS
OF SINNERS
mormoms who go to hell get castrated by joseph smith
yep
and then angels use their dicks to play magic songs on
but not their sex dicks
their music dicks
and their dorthia dix
hahahaha
the ones
on the back part
between the cheeeex
god cheese spread
those are all commands
patches is risen
dude
how bad is your acne right now
because mine is terriblew
whyyyyyyy
i dont know
because i hate my face skin
mine is always kind of
bad ish
but i started using a face wash called purpose so it isn't so bad anymore
well
the off brand of it
hahaha
i use just kroger acid wash or whatever
like the jeans
but on my face
dude
I'm telling you
CVS gentle cleansing wash
or Kroger brand
or purpose
it's just called "gentle cleansing soap"
it has nothing in it it just really de oils your face.
We have similar complexions. I feel like if it works for me it will for you.
cetaphil also
lol
ive tried it actually
Really
it leaves a glycerin like feeling
on my skin
i need it to feel totally dry
it does do that
My acne never fully goes away
I feel like it should at almost 21
mine either
i know D:
people around me don't have acne
what if my skin is bad forever
i feel like it will be
at ALL
no one has acne around me either
like we're adults
it makes me feel like a teenager
we have adult acne
that is sad.
hahahahahaha
it really is
and man
I'm on 500mg antibiotics a day for it. Maybe that's part of why mine is doing better
i used to be on that
antibiotics are bad for you for long periods of time though
thats why i quit
yeah that's true.
I've been on at least 6 different ones.
they are bad for digestion
jeez
id get off those
and just take better care of your skin
vitamin B5
a kroger wash with beads in it to exfoliate
That's why I don't use chemicals stuff. I just use that soap for oily skin
get a non-comedogenic facial moisturizer
There's nothing wrong with antibiotics  (like 3 or so rounds)
YEah I need to
*adult acne lets do this!*
i mean im a pro
my mom is trained in dealing with this
the best thing in the world
is this special loght
light
that kills bacteria under the skin
its so strong
that sounds dangerous
hahahaha
it is if you dont close your eyes
but it starts killing your pimples
like
hours afterward
its amazing
That sounds aweome
my issue is more with redness and really deep abscesses in my skin.
not so much just pimples
yues
the absesses
this helps
it really does
i can ask mom what its called
and tell you
theyre only like 50-75 dollars
and they work
I think I've heard of what you're talking about but I'm not 100% sure it just sounds familiar
but awesome
#adultacne
It's so easy to joke about something so tragic
hahaha
it really is
what is tragic though
is that i have only eaten peanuts today
all day
also
it as fucking 11 PM
and i did not sleepo
sleep
and im so upset about it
damn
lack of sleep
that suck
it does
its my perosnal hell
because 6/7 days a week i wake up before 10
on that 7th day
i CANNOT sleep past 11
dude honestly
10 isn't SUPER bad
but the sleeping past 11 thing
why
is it habbit?
habit?
that is annoying
it is bad whenever you dont get home until 8 or 9 though
because then in 3 hours its midnight
so i am awake until 1-3 usually
fuck
then i cant get sleep
in the morning
damn
yes
so its a vicious cycle
and perpetual hell
caused by my job
stupid real life
i know man
chris found a tiny bit of weed
and now im okay
isnt that amazing?
that is
praise him
im not even joking
i cant believe this is illegal its infuriating
but you know what
i aint even mad
because its medicine for that
hahaha
It wont be for much longer I don't think
i dont either
i honestly see more people coming around to it
even those who dont smoke
It's gonna take more science in the popular press. Like them being IT DOESNT HURT YOU on tv. They've proven it doesn't hurt you and doesn't cause violence. The media just wants more
I give it five years for total legalization
yep
i agree completely
I have a prof here who fucking proves it helps Alzheimer's
who the FUCK
would keep that illegal
like
YOU PIECE OF SHIT
just don't give it to schizophrenics
and you're good
hahahahaha
shahaha
i just learned that josh hates obama
CURVE BALL
HE JUST CALLED HIM THE DEVIL
I don't love obama anymore, but he's closer to what I believe than others
why does he hate him
OH I KNOW WHY
BECAUSE BILL MAHER DOES
BOOM ROASTED
hahahahaha
hahahahahahahaahaha
wht is his reason
haha
omg dude
youre going to be laughing for daysa
hes still typing
so hold on
oh no
lordmacbayne:  its worse than that.
this man is, effectively, the devil.
he's set the cause of progressive liberalism back 70 years.
or at least 40
 me:  I don't know how he did that, but I bet you know what you're talking about.
 lordmacbayne:  bush was the best thing that ever happened for freedom in this country
because
he was INSANE.
and everyone fucking knew it.
and after 8 years
and a stolen election
people were like
"shit.  we really have to pay attention to this stuff next time."
and the stage was perfectly set for a genuine reformer
for a modern FDR
and what we got was black clinton.
he's a repulsive fraud.
Clinton era: highest tax rates on the rich and best economic status in our contry's history
also he's a god damn idiot
BUSH WAS THE BEST THING
REPUBLICANS DON'T EVEN BELIEVE THAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I couldnt stop laughing
hahahahahahahaaha
i was like WHAAAAAT
he has OFFICIALLY lost all credibility
ask him if he's a libertarian omg omgomg
HAHAHAHAHAH
I BET MONEY HE IS
hahahahahahahahahaha
dude
im trying to counter him
and hes going nuts
hold on
I really have lost ALL respect for him
like
what
lordmacbayne:  he says he's going to do something about healthcare
what does he do?
make the insurance companies, and the doctors& hospitals more wealthy than ever
he says he's going to get us out of two wars
 me:  i mean, insurance companies are required to contribute to medical expenses now though
 lordmacbayne:  he takes FOREVER to do that
and in the end
doesnt really
insurance companies are pretending to be hurt
but in reality this is what the AFC means for them
either they get a bunch more customers mandated by law
or
things stay exactly the same.
the present system is good for them
so this is a win/win
 me:  i cannot say that i disagree with you, honestly.  i mean, i do on some points. but that all makes sense.
 lordmacbayne is typing
im just egging him on
because if i argue
the crazy stops
dude
he has no point. Obama went for a moderate healthcare reform so the right wing would go for it
government healthcare
causes doctors
to get less $$
what is he talking about
Like I don't even want to hear anymore of this. He's not a huge geek. He's an idiot who doesn't know how to interpret the shit he reads and makes an ass of himself.
Like are these REALLY his true colors?
I thought at first this was a joke
hahahah
he is
glen beck
look at him
in your head
dude
HAHAHAHAHA
a little chubbier
HAHAA
glen beck was THROWN OUT of FOC GOD DAMN NEWS
lololol
Josh is glen beck crazy and marshall mathers sexy
im sorry but i loved glen beck
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
dude
hahahaha
omg
omg
dying
glen beck was cool when he didn't talk and played the bass guitar
you know this is true.
oh
my
god
dude
omg
look
what
at this
lordmacbayne:  no, because there is not a gigantic group of people who think so
just a noisy group of tea party idiots
who hate him for the wrong reasons
 me:  wait so
 lordmacbayne:  the liberals have given up
 me:  what politicla party do you affiliate with?
political
 lordmacbayne:  im a anarcho-socialist
that's two things that are opposite of eachother
yes
yes it is
i told him he is so far down the political rabbit hole that i cannot even see him
oh shit
I identify as democratic socialist, because that's a real thing. HOWEVER I ALSO IDENTIFY AS DEAD-ALIVE, SMELLY-CLEAN, FULL-EMPTY, AND GOD
he just said something swansony
I KNEW IT
HIS VIEWS ARE LIBERTARIAN
lordmacbayne:  well
essentially
i think government is evil.
but probably a necessary one
so, i favor a system where government has no power really at all.
and just does those things that we cannot do for ourselves.
I FEEL LIKE WE'RE ANALYZING HIM ALL OVER AGAIN
that's libertarian
ask him where the sociliast part of his affiliation comes in
HAHAHAHA
because
hes going to know youre feeding me lines!
that's REALLY not socialist
HOW
he knows i have no no idea
about politics
hahahaha
ASK ANYWAY
im showing him ron fucking swanson
dude
JOSH IS CRAZY
MORE SO THAN I THOUGHT
not just because his beliefs are insane
but
THEY DONT MAKE SENSE
HAHAHAHAHA
HE THINKS BUSH IS GOOD AND HE'S A SOCIALIST ANARCHIST
this is so weird
he is a libertarian, so this is all very typical
duh
yeah....
I bet he wants to regulate crystal meth
it's funny that he's a vegan
BECAUSE HE'S RON SWANSON
hahahahahaha
I BET HE GAVE A LITTLE GIRL A LAND MINE
......
have you not seen that episode
where ron explains politics to that child
i did
and gives her a land mine to protext her property
i sent ihm the video of a compilation
hahaha
hahahahaha
nan
man
josh is insane
This is confirmed
be confirmed it
im so angry at myself for getting him on this tangent
Youve*
he just made himself look like an idiot
Is he just not stopping
no he has slowed
i think he needs a nap or something
hahahaha
its past his bedtime
See...I have views...but if I don't know enough about something I'll back off.....He wont
IT IS
It's also past mine
I am going to sleep
Gnight
niiight
We legitimately talked past my bed time and I over slept today. hahahaha.
aw man D:
i kept oversleeping so i got a loud digital alarm clock
lol
I thought it was WAY earlier than it was when I strted messaging you haha.
I set like 10 alarms on my phone and one on a clock a cross the room
THE SLEEPY BODY IS SMART AND STRONG
hahahahaha
im sorry
did you miss class?
Yeah, but it was neuro and I know the material and the professor likes me. So I'm not worried. He basically posts everything online so you could probably get a way with NEVER GOING haha
stupid college
I dread the day that I have to work
there are punishments for not going
yes hahaha
dude
i left the house late today
and drove 80 all the way to work
got from dunbar to greenbrier in 10 minutes
got dam
such driving
I'm sitting here reading the lecture notes and all I can think about is the most important things I have learned in class are what brain areas to remove and where they are if I really wanted someone's life to suck
HAHAHAHA
lobotomy style?
Like I could torture the SHIT out of someone
like damage specific speech areas
so people can speak and respond
but not write
or comprehend written language
I shouldn't be thinking these things
but i am crazy
so you want to make it like theyve had a permanent stroke
hahaha
Yes.
Like the guy from dexter that kept removing peoples amygdalas BECAUSE HE JUST COULDNT FEEL EMOTION *cries*
what the FUCK was that about hahaha
dude you need to watch hannibal
like, right now
I have a little bit
it's good
I'll start again
no watch more and more and more
im addicted
MUST STUDY CANT WATCH
I have another show I'm addicted to anyway
hahaha
THAT ONE WILL BE NEXT
which one?
I'M SO ADDICTED TO HOSUE OF CARDS LIKE AN IDIOT COLLEGE TEEN IT'S DIGUSTING.
haHAHAHAHA
travis is also a vapist
he is
we've converted a lot of people
hahaha
do all vapists use that #slime paint#
every one of them
dude the new mod im getting
is so SICK
its tinted pastel purple
and the rings around it are torched so theyre like a burnt rainbow
omg dude
so remember the late great Thanatos?
no
?
really?
really
=/
he was my 500 dollar dream gecko that died after he mated nitemare
NO
you dont remember him?
no
maybe I'm multitasking too hard or maybe I just REALLY don't I dunno yet
haha
well
nevermind then i guess lol
that comment I posted was my best in a while.
-love grandma
that was so funny
i love that
hahaha
I'm adopting an old person persona
all of my comments from now on
will be in the style of an old person who is bad at using the computer
hahahaha
like chris' dad
it takes him ten minutes to type a word
i swear
am i good at being an old person or what
you are
that fucking ham
#memories
my grandma used to post things like that on random photos
like
messages
on photos
it was ridiculous
thats so funny
old people are so awkward
Mars, Earth, and the Sun all aligned last night, a rare 'opposition of the planets' that only happens once every 778 days. 

But what made this event so remarkable is that it occured precisely a week before everyone on earth will see the first of FOUR dark red 'blood moons', an extraordinary event some Christians believe represents the End of Days and the second coming of Christ.
HAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHA
BLOOD MOONS
dude someone posted that the other day
and im like
since when are there four moons?
hahahahaha
THATS JUST A THING THAT HAPPENS
lolol right
Christians: there is something remotely like that in the bible let's try and connect it
crip moons
hood moons
moon hoods
flap jacks
tap macks
yes
i have developed characters
i DID mention shirley again
omg no patches
patches is controlling you
quick
rip the wires out of your spine
before the wires rip out your spine
for #patche'sfuntimeritual
oh my god
?
the wires
oh lol
*DELAYED RESPONSE*
WAS DOING CITATIONS
FUCK OFF
those suck
hahaha
tell me about it
and it's all about goddamn depression
fuck people who have depression
just be happy
(so funny)
why dont you pay those websites to write your papers?
thats probably what id do 50% of the time
because they have software to detect that now
and I'm poor
hahahaha
seriously?
how do they dot hat?
that
magi dude
magic
hahaha
and also wanting to be a psychiatrist I kind of need to know about this....If it was about history I would probably not care
hahaha
I just hate reading things other people write
It's so boring
shirley sends her best
tell shirley thanks
i need it
*wipes sweat off brow*
*ready for the big showdown*
shirley is so strong
free me from these ropes
hahaha
dude do your paper thingy
immma do some work for a minute
and shop for leachies
lol
sounds good
so this weird adult student (probably 50 and socially inept) approached bella in "jewelry metals" class and said YOUR JELLYFISH LOOKS LIKE A PENIS. I thought that was god damn hilarious in every way possible. Bella is upset and offended.
I don't htink it's just me. I think anyone else would find that hilarious and be flattered that they were chosne by the weird person.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i wuold be laughing my ass off
so would I and the rest of the world
I have realized
most people BASICALLY get our humor
bella just doesn't have ANY sense of humor
haha
man like
ill be watching a hilarious movie
and laughing
and ill look over
and chris is just
stoic
hahahaha
bella has caught on to what i think is funny
and insytead of laughing
she always says
"that's so funny"
HAHAHAHA
I've seen her laugh like 10 times
at very childish knock knock joke type things
nothing challenging
hahaha
what is her IQ>
any idea?
take a guess
100
adult average
i was gonna say 100 as well
average
I had to set up elaborate pictures earlier
to help her understand classical conditioning
it's so basic
she got it eventually
but like
It's an easy concept.
ITS TEACHING
hahaahaha
thats so
odd
BUT
expected
brb boss likes me best now so i have extra assignments
LOL OK love nana
hahahaha
since erica left (the skinny drunk girl from social media at the xmas party) barrett has chosen me as his new favorite
its so funny
he just sent a group IM out to me, martin, and this newer girl amanda who is always bitching about no one working
and he was like, you guys need to do emails, stop ignoring them, amanda you too
because she ignores them but then she complains about other people doing it
anyways
she got super pissed
and like, went up to his desk and told him he was being mean or something
so he closes the group chat and privately messages me
and he was like, thank you for responding to me like an adult and not making excuses
the others were bitching
and you were nice about it
hahaha
you win
total champion
seriously
like
i straight up said, im not going to try to make up excuses, so im just going to say that i will work on paying more attention to emails
thats what he wanted to hear
thats very adult
it's sad that he recognizes you for being an adult
like
WHAT EVEN
yea i mean
no one here needs a high school diploma
so there are child-adults here
im one of the only non-child adults
that's sad for you
but also good for you
hahah
i only know a couple of other people who take their job as seriously as possible
haha
look
i got our show nationally published
and they didnt edit any of my article
http://thereptilereport.com/fighting-the-good-fight/
wow that's big time
"fighting the good fight"
i know dude
they came up with that
i feel so valiant
yeah
wow
haha
I would too
dude like...im a go getter
so I'm in kind of a tricky position
the reptile report is an international news source for reptiles, so i just go on there and constantly submit links and articles to promote our business or show
oh, tell me
tell me bout it
I've been offered a research fellowship over the summer and a job. The job would be all summer, the research would be june to july. Both pay. The job pays more, but working in a lab looks great on a resume and gives me experience.
I DONT KNOW WHAT TO PICK
what is more important for me to do
where is it?
CAMC
huh awesome
let me assess...
okay, computron
compute
do the research.  it looks better than a job, anyone can get an entry level job.  not everyone can be invited to help with tedious research in a prestigious medical institution
You're right.
as usual. about my life.
lol
hahaha
good thing you asked my advice
I love this two way street we have.
I DECIDE YOUR FUTURE
lolz
yea i mean
youre like a free therapist
hahaha
and you seem to always know what's best for me
hahaaha
and vise versa
and versa vice
asrev esiv
that was hard
we are one person, but if we separate into two people, the other can asses the one person from an unbiased view.  never before has one person been able to assess themselves with an unbiased view.  WE HAVE BROKEN THE SCIENCE OF THE EGO.
HAHAHA
we have actually
we were spirit twins
yes
actually
josh said that we remind him of his friend cindy and his sister
TWINS
lets get matching tattoos
we will
but I'm at another delima
dilema
?
delime beans
delima
beans
coming out
of my mouth
BEANS
I have several combinations of things I cando
hahaha
I will list the advantages
im sorry
hahaha
continue
Haha
ok
1) Job and Class. Saving me from taking a class next summer and being caught up enough to study for my MCAT exam in 2016. However I wouldn't be getting research experience. 
2) Job for a month (I found out I could do this) and then research. I would make about the same amount of money. BUT without the class I will behind on study for my med school entrance exams the next summer. 

Is being ahead of schedule academically more important to me or is getting experience I'll use later more important?
The fact that these are decisions that I'm having trouble with makes me feel like a shitty person
also whatever happened to your book about work. I lost the link to that
hahahaha
im sorry, so much going on around me
give me a minute to read
shore thang
i forgot, im sorry
im very depressed
oh no
what's going on
do the research and job thing
because theres always time to make up a class
but dont miss out on an opportunity like that
good point.
but what's wrong?
why are you depressed?
josh was raving about that cindy chick who EVERYONE wants, she used to work here and then relocated to LN in VA
and i was just like, i wonder if people who we rave about know that we love them so much
and he said, well ive told her several times, so i guess she knows
and i said, i guess it would be nice to be beautiful, i know im very smart and everything, but when i look in the mirror, its sad
and he basically said "youre a perfectly good person, william s burroughs wasnt beautiful, etc etc )
basically telling me, hey you may be ugly, but youre nice enough i guess
WHAT THE FUCK
ok
We're back to where you flee to guys who end up being bad without even knowing it.
That is what's happening here.
No friend would say that.
It's not true
and It's offensive and cruel
You tend to gravitate towards people who aren't good, and I thought he was different, but he's just as mean as other guys you've been friends with
Like in my opinion
that was uncalled for
and he's smart enough to know that
it's not like he's retarded
what am i even supposed to say to him asbout it
I seriously thought for one second he would be a decent friend to you
i told him i hate myself and signed off chat
you need to find a way to put josh behind you. This whole dynamic has been unhealthy for a while and this is just its coming to a head.
you need to break the cycle
maybe he was just trying to avoid complimenting my physical appearance because he knows chris reads everything?
because he has told me before
that i am attractive, in not so many words
Okay that could be a real possibility, and that's IDEAL. But let's really think about it. How many times in life do we all interpret bad things into good things by saying there's a "time" or a "place" or a reason something happened, when in reality, something just "happened."
He has been really cross with you lately, and has been toying with your emotions in the friendship.
he has actually been pretty nice to me
Really, really think about how that makes you feel, and if you want to continuing pursuing it.
hes talked to me all day
That's not what you've told me.
All day today.
But that's on and off.
He isn't consistent with you.
no he wasnt being cross, hes depressed and he just wasnt talking to me much
and remember, he apologized for it
twice
i dont know
Listen, I'm not going to tell you you're wrong, but I'm not going to tell you you're right. I think you should seriously think about it. That's not something a friend says to another friend. Even if he was thinking "what if chris was watching.." 

Is there friendship even healthy if he is thinking that?
i mean
in the event that he is being cruel, do i address that with him?  or just stop talking to him?  at some point, there would probably be a fight, and that equals an enemy
and i dont want that
You know how to talk to people, but you also know how to argue. I think you need to discuss this with him. However, I don't think you need to argue. Resist the urge to fight and don't take his bait if he tries ti initiate it.
im worried that i will offend him
and he will get angry
then what?
This isn't about how he feels, it's about how you feel about what he said to you. You're just addressing what is bothering you. As long as you don't accuse him of things. You just need to restate what happened. It's simply owning up to your feelings. This upset you, and he was part of it, and you want clarity and why it happened.
He shouldn't get offended.
thats very true
In theory, he shouldn't
ill probably ignore it for now and mention it later
when im less likely to cry at my desk
I agree that you should give it time to cool off.
However, automatic thoughts aren't going to help.
Try to not dwell on things like that.
i mean, i really dont care so much about if josh finds me attractive or not
its just the way he said it
I know.
It's the fact that he went out of his way to proclaim it. And it was VERY facetious.
i think im going to just ask him
Wait
before you do that
I honestly think
do you actually think im ugly, or were you just saying that so you didnt have to comment on my physical appearance?
Just saying "you said this" is better
don't say that
that's overanalyzing
Just repeat it back
and ask him why he said it
don't "weigh out options"
that will make him mad
repeat what he said and then say "and that made me feel etc etc etc"
he wants to be able to own up to it the way he wants
not necessarily
not unless you want
oh i see
all you need to say  "you said this"
let him say something about it
give him the chance
YES
Exactly!
thats a good idea
thats like the least annoying/pushy way to approach something
The answer might surprise you. Giving someone options is never good. Your original question was emotionally loaded.
This way you can discuss it together
thats true
see
this is why i need you
lol
haha
We've actually been very productive in assisting one another today lolol
thats very true
and i found out something promising
what?
the place travis traded in his almost-never-runs sebring and got an awesome jeep gave him 900 credit on that piece of shit car, and travis only had to put down 500 dollars, and he drove off in his jeep, and he has shit credit, they financed for him
so after the reptile show, i cantrade in my car, and put down a load of money
so i will have small payments
There is a place in SC that gets people cars with bad credit
yea theres afew places, i just like this one because they gave travis 900 dollar credit for that car that literally was worthless
so i may actually get a couple grand credit on my car
that's true
I mean if his would barely start
yours is not that bad
his broke on a weekly basis
like, broke
would not go anywhere
mine has never done that
lol
i think josh already understands
the last think i said was,  fucking hate myself, and i logged off
i logged back in, and he had said, what the hell are you going on about?
and i told him i need time to cool down
and now it seems like hes acting like he knows what he did
GOOD
look, he's being "funny"
"me:  i need time to cool down
just so i can gather myself
 lordmacbayne:  Oj
Ok
Not oj
Like the juice is loose.
If it doesn't fit, you must acquit."
I'm switching back to friend mode
HOW DO YOU TOLERATE THAT
tolerate what?
hahaha
his behavior
like
that's so inappropriate that he would start joking around like that
what
even
probably has something to do with having a father that never praised me
*frued*
if that's true
than based on freud, that's also the reason that you gravitate to men who won't praise you but need their praise.
well, i gravitate towards the ones that DO praise me...they just "make me work for" their praise.  and then when i get the approval, it makes me happy, because in some sick way i feel like i worked for it
man we are fucked up
I've had three therapists THIS YEAR
tell me
"you are in a three way relationship with you girlfriend and her mother. You have also taken on the role of father because her mother knows you will do everything, and you don't want to break up with someone you take care of. (they didn't want to say daughter)"
ITS TRUE
thats pretty much the exact position chris was in, but less extreme
AND NO ONE KNOWS HOW TO HELP ME
really
the only person who can help you
is bella
by getting help
thats it
they give me these tiny things to say and do to try and bring up my issues with the relationship
but think about it
this is very freudian
if I ended it
she would be lost and confuseed
wouldn't have seen it coming
I would have the desire to comfort her
as a parental figure
but resent her as a companion
I have done everything her mom was supposed to do for the past 4 years.
I don't want it to end
but I need her to realize that her relationship wit hher mom is unhealthy
so I can break away from her mom
It's basically all on her.
It's a waiting game now that she's away from home.
this is kinda how it would have been if chris had not seen what he sees now, and i had to remove myself from the situation...i feel kind of like his "Caretaker", or mom
i think that you should be upfront about it with her
Here's the issue
because your time is very valuable
I could've done that years ago according to therapists. But now, holding up a mirror to someones fucked up life...it's a detrimental thing to do. They could fall completely apart.
I never mentioned things that wwere weird
things that were unhealthy
now
they're so normal
that If I started pointing shit out and saying how I felt
I don't know what would happen
because not only am I in a relationship with her
I feel RESPONSIBLE for HER
thats how i was about chris' parents being abusive
i tried not to explain it too much to him
but eventually i did
and he knows now
he sees it
and hes a better person for it
that was his "normal"
mine is only slightly different
here
i was right
The difference is bellas mom is smart, organized, and has bella in a Stockholm sort of hold. It's like a psychological leash and because she's still close with her mom I would have to rip it off her neck
about josh
let me show you
Did he tell you?
me:  You said that you don't have to be beautiful to be successful, etc etc etc
and
it hurt my feelings
 lordmacbayne:  Not my intention
 Sent at 6:14 PM on Wednesday
 me:  i dont know why i seek praise from people who are reluctant to give it
it's incredibly masochistic
 lordmacbayne:  I am not going to tell you how pretty you are.
That's not something you need to hear from me.
Pro or con
i tried to get him to say somethig without telling him he hurt my feelings, but he wdidnt
its "not his place"
see?>
That doesn't prove anything
If anything
it proves he sees you as an equal
not as a romantic partner
which is exactly what you wanted, right?
yes
but
do you think that repsonse is"okay"?
is it cruel
i found hidden meaning in it
a small bit
But remember, you like to connect dots that aren't there. Your theory may be true, but it isn't provable.
yep
I think that response is acceptable
He gave an answer
maybe he meants "you should be hearing it from chris"
that's what I took
thats what i took, and also....
"I am not going to tell you how pretty you are."
is kind of like him saying just that
That's the part I was talking about
no i took what youre saying from the second part, not that part
try not to seek his praise. It's a self fulfilling  prophecy
explain that to me
i used to know what it means
lol
You predict  something and follow it subconsciously because you say it is so
ah okay
brb break
Ok
Ok
back
lol
LOL good love papaw
hahaha
i have no grandparents
youre a fraud
shut up
have you seen the old lady status
someone screen shotted
and it says
what? haha
"carl, james, fred, francis, and joyce, I have nothing to say at this time"
I want to post something like that
wtf hahahahaha
thats so funny
pittsburgh
why that place?
haha
cincinnati
(naming shit hole cities)
kansas city
hey cincinnati is a nice lady!
hahaha
agreed
washington dulles airport
beckley
yeager airport
hahaha
that place is actually scary
i think it's haunted
really?
and the atmosphere has a grey tint there
(that inadvertently sounded like salad fingers)
it did
speaking of which
that shirt
haha
I left it at home with like 1/3 of all my clothes hahaha
(oops)
nooooo
its lonely
lol
and I'm cold
(lol love jimmy)
DAMMIT JIMMY
I ate god
no
the jews did that
*hyaenas*
ruth
ruth
baby RUTH
hands
hands
hands
hands!
yeah
I just spent 2 hours eating a burrito
It wasn't even on purpose
but I savored it so hard
hahahahaha
i eat so fast
I used to
but I've started eating slower recently to combat my speed eating
i have a microwave meal of potatos with bell peppers, it is good
and have learned to *Savor*
MMMMMMMM
any description of food is always going to sound delicious to me
we're researching found footage movies
Really
to see which ones to watch
haha
i love them
watch the mcpherson taper
tape
on youtube
youll lov eit
oh god
is it aliens
yes
everyone thought it was real
that sounds like something I never had the guts to watch
is it bad
its pretty good haha
I WILL WATCH IT
is this like the 80s paranormal activity
WHAT YOU ARE ABOUT TO SEE IS REAL
DISCLAIMER
This is old. which makes it seem scarier
yes
hahaha
I love found footage movies though
unlike some people
I ACTUALLY LIKED THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT
should i watch it?
yes
OMG
I enjoyed it
PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 5 IS OUT
I know
IT CAME OUT IN JANARY
JAN
UARY
I KNOW
I never watched it
I'm tired of the same story being told
wtf man
did it get good reviews?
I'm not sure
I like the franchise overall
i do too
so there are claims
that this video
was used
to cover up a ral video
like they made it a movie
to cover up a really similar abudction video?
haha
that was the story that they made up
haha
I THOUGHT SO
to make it "Scarier"
this is really silly
hahah
yes it is
is anything about this frightening
I'm skipping to the end
watch it all
ahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THE LITTLE ALIENS
THEY LOOK LIKE K MART MASKS
I LOVE IT
THEY GRIMACED AT THE CAMERA
if u hav seen any of THESE PEOPLE
call 1800
hsahahahahaha
its so good
PUT THAT GODDAMNED CAMERA AWAY
You were right. I talked to my advisor and they said almost the exact same thing as you about the job. Thanks buddy
yay!
i know something
hahaha
or, knew
and still know
KNOWLEDGE
i have a gecko in a box on my desk
What hahah
i have to ship it
and fedex is like 3 minutes from the office
lol
Remember when I was so weirded our by hurting the one you were shipping lol
yes lol
i has a little baby today
3 grams
IT'S SMALL ARMS WERE IM DANGER
I am not danger
what hahahaha
IN THE BOX
oh
yes
hahaha
(Even though they weren't)
im gonna get josh and barrett to check out my crested
haha
nan
nan
nan
nan
beans evacuating my mouth
god no lol
dude im slammed at work right now
i should be less busy soon
hopefully
I just needed to get a word in. I'm studying currently and I've usually said hey to you by now
yes i know lol
work and school are tearing us apart
nooooo
lol
batato
tomapo
buttocks
booklocks
hank hill
*67 disguises your phone number
*69 does a call back
hahahaha
i forgot about secret phone codes
3212333----222----355---3212333-322321
hahaha
i think i finally foudn the leachie locale im looking for
name that tune
found
rellay
thats mary had a little lamb
duh
NICE
i need a bayonnaise x GT leachie
only x GT because bayonnaise themselves are small
i don't know what that is
and i want a large one
it sounds like something I'd put on a lizard flesh sandwich
its the name of an island from where theyre frrom
that actually makes sense
leachianus all live in new caledonia
BUT
hahaha
BUT
there are many islands there
the animals that developed on the different islands look differently
vastly differently
so much so that they have "locale names"
ohhh
like "i bought a nuu ana and a nuu ami and a duu ana"
like  new caledonia is the big island, and there are tiny islands near it?
yes
the big island is called the grand terre
or GT
the biggest leachies live there
grand terre sounds cooler
oh
ok
GT sounds like an expensive car
so
bam
hahaha
mustang gt
anyway
lolol
so tired, my face just hit the desk
and then i was like
lets rock
NO WKAE UP
"lets rock"
*go band*
*rockin anda rollin*
i was just thinking
when I was little
I convinced matt I was an alien from outerspace
like for 2 years
did I cause
HAHAHAHA WHAT
ALL OF THIS
omg
maybe
wait no
if he believed that
he had issues
lololol
that I perpetuated by denying his claims that I was a "human that was lying"
silly human
HAHAHAHAHA
OMG
YOU BASTARD
stephen colbert is replacing david letterman? who the fuck watches david letterman?
doesn't he come on
like
on wednesdays at  5:15
omg yes
yes yes yes
SHUT UP FACEBOOK
hes almost as irrelevant  as craig Ferguson
that show sucked brea
d
bread
hahahahaha
wet bread
(From the sucking)
(or butter)
ewww
from the sucking
gross
god
you got me
you're right on this one
wet from the sucking
is on awful phrase
hahahahahahaha
I actually have grossed myself out
hahahahaha
i was like
ew
no
stahp
hahahahahahahahahahaha
god my moms coming over to my house when i get home
night:ruined
shit
that sucks
but it isn't wet
I promise
STOP STOP STOP
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
i imagined a water logged bread stick
hahahah
just
ahahahahahaa
falling apart
ME TOO
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAA
lolololol
I am laughing to myself
I love being alone
*snakes*
hey
do you have THESE SYMPTOMS
then you may have...
HAHAHAHAHAHA
.....THE AMERICAN PARASITE
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
IT'S CALLED EATING PROCESSED FOOD AND NOT EATING HEALTHY
WHY HAVE THEY PERSONIFIED THAT
IT'S HORRIFYING
what are you talking about
lol
DUDE
online
there are these ads
that have like people with circles around certain parts of their body, you know, listing symptoms of some illness
if you click them
it takes you to a website with a documentary clip
in this clip you will find information
this information is the processed food and diets that americans have has caused a parasite to grow inside of us
one that cannot be beaten with medicine
dude im so overwhelmed by the amount of people talking to me
one that can only be beaten
if you purchase their cleansing kit
hahahahaha
send me a link tot hat
because i want to read about it
keep in mind, they are just personifying a BAD DIET to sell things hahaha
http://keybiotics.com/science.html
it's conspiracy nonsense
hahaha
ill look later
so much shit to do
it's so funny
i hate iy
it
what?
i hate it
the things i have to do
as an adult
yeah : /
yeast
hey now
yep
youre coming along
*stoked*
i have to figure out dates and stuff
where the shit is that
kentucky
its the best place ever
kentucky is
dude
if we paid 100 dollars a person
(i did not know this)
we can go on a private 8 hour night tour with a group
they split the group up
and you take different floors
that sounds interesting
dude
you will have literally the night of your life
OR DEATH
MWAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
*old creepy music8
What kind of ghosts are there
is it like
"spooky"
or
i'm going to pee
its like, you feel like youre opening your mind to aonther, more intelligent and mysterious world
not exaggerating
that sounds like a legal drug
hahahaha
its better than drugs
but
its only 50 dollars for the 4 hour 12-4 AM tour
we wouldnt need a hotel
i would drive right back
would you be in?
what is a good date for you to do this?
its only friday nights
until august
Any friday really. my summer is basically like...7-3 and 8-4 M-F. Anything outside of that
thats awesome
i want to do it soon
nan
yes
paws up
*everybody raise yo paws*
God
so april 25th
im going to see if i can get travis to fdrive
No go
I have a final April 28
Haha
FDRIVE
wait
how does that effect a final
Well the fact that I'll be studying Friday because Saturday I'm playing a gig
(Such violin)
ohhh
fuck
Yeah
well
nan
may 2?
Idk yet
I really don't
I have to go
But ill TTYL and figure it out
okay
im going to call about may 2nd
theyre unguided tours btw
i think im going to schedule for may 9th because thats further away and gives us more time to *prepare*
nan
im getting frustrated because chris is a dream killer so im not scheduling anything right now
now im just angry that i have to buy a car after the show
Dude maybe you shouldn't be planning trips at the moment
I'm not commanding
Just suggesting
yo
hey
what is up
i guess im gonna see how this car thingturns out
and then decide on a date and stuff
I think that's a good idea. It's not like a super planned out thing, so it can be like lower in the priorities
exactly
just gotta plan ahead enough that it isnt all booked up
i called and there are 25 spots open for may 9th still, out of 50
so we should still be able to go maybe even on that date
just depends on the car
yeah that makes sense
i just really hope i can figure some way to buy the car outright
if i dont ill have about 400 dollars to pay a month that normally i dont have to pay for anything
because i would need full coverage insuyrance if im paying on it
I just got a notification from "rosemarie hunter" and I almost died from sheer horror
lolol
i think she realizes how immature it is for her to be outwardly hateful about you, so she isnt anymore
because everytime she would say something ean id bitch at her for it
SHE WAS HATEFUL ABOUT ME
I AM A GOOD GOD DAMNED FRIEND
*spite*
i think she realizes that now
lol
YEAH
shes going to try to help me get a car, she has a friend who owns a dealership and theyve bought several used cars from him
so, fingers crossed for the best
crossing
NOW
lolz
yes
hands crossed
eyes crossed
help
hahahahahaha
stop crossing everything
UNCROSS
THE HOLY CROSS
uncross that too
it's done.
he is risen
i was up until 5 AM
because i thought my house was haunted
wat
because the geckos outside my door were making so much noise
sounds like ghosts
it did
they were slamming themselves into the glass and shit
jumping all around
HAHAHAHAH
chris seriously got up with a knife and looked around the house
dear god
but you knew it was geckos
hahaha
i didnt
until after
i figured
OHHH
"it has to be geckos, im crazy"
hahahahaaha
but they were making sounds louder than you'd expect right
yes
it sounds like
someone just fucking around
hahaha
DEFINE FUCKIGN AROUND
KNOCKING ON THE WALL WITH A RING
FIGHTING
hahahahaha
with a ring
LICKING BREAD
no you chew bread
you lick a popsicle
you KNOW that you can picture that sound perfectly
the ring on the wall
yes
its like
a metal thump
lol
*medal
medal
hahahahahaha
SO MEDAL
*break down*
*so heavy*
so heavy I dropped it
patches no
hahahahaha
so heavy i dropped it
thats hilarious
there should be a photo
one of those
"facebook share" photos
of a metal head with a bass, dropping it
and it should be captioned
"the bass was too heavy, so i dropped it"
"PATCHES NO"
or that
HAHAHA
I am going to name something patches
i swear
haha
i am going to name
a gecko
patches
no
your gecko's name is
patches
YES
or god
nooo
patches is good
it is
because it will have patches of spots
im simply being silly
i am always silly when i name my geckos
i have one called sparkles for christ sake
i want to think of offensive words and record them, them play them backwards. I will name 100 geckos an awful word, backwards
HAHA
kcuf
kcid
tihs
tnuc
more like the phonemes back wards. not just the spelling. like
let me figure one out
whats handjob backwards
BOJ NIH
holy god
fuck is cuff
and dick is kid
hahahaha
hahaaha
HAHAHA
oh jesus
jesus lord
save meeee
lawd
patches descends
oh no
hahahaha
he has
here he is
god is close behind
RUN
RU FROM IT
JESUS GOD HELP US
god is fast
THIS IS NOT OUR GOD
patches is going through the forrest
pushes branches aside
a sentient, faceless flesh vessel is floating at 35 mph close behind him
*arises into the air*
like the cat god from that new DBZ movie
god kicks him in the buttocks
patches shrieks and begins to swing from vines
hahahaha
he is afraid and has not the power to defeat god
but
he is god
god accelerates
such inner conflict
wow
*vroom*
*Vroom*
gears are shifting
patches wipes the sweat from his brow
ready to battle god in hand to hand combat
beowulf
BEOWULF
HAHAHAHAHAHA
THAT MOVIE
was so odd
hahahahahahaaha
dr steve brule
i love steven brule
CHECK IT OUT
patches flies
CHECK
IT OUT
dun dunnnnnnnnnn
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dunnn
Hahaha
so we've successfullly become great friends with i think the state's only herpetologist
hahaha
nan
he sells us animals and now every time we meet him to get something, he talks to us for LITERALLY 2 hours
BBQ
he even spent an hour in the pet store with us looking at reptiles
hahaha
wait what
hahaha
that's awesome
yea he looks like seth macfarlane
and he gets our dry humor
I WANT TO *MEAT* HIM
our humor isn't dry
it's moderately damp
well, chris' is hahaha
HAHA
ew
gross
I'm about to do something risky
JUMP ON THE KNIFE
I'm eating a stale cookie before my sandwich
oh man
youre gonna eat crow tonight
TONIGHT
CA CAW
madame butterfly
madame blueberry
omg
IM SOOOOOO
BLOOHOOHOO
BLOOHOOHOO
BLOOHOOHOOHOOOOOOO
wa
SHES SO BLUE SHE DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO
HHAHAHAHAHAHA
YES
HAHAHAHA
OMG
i remember ALL of veggie tails
remember that song about the zamu? it's kind of like a water buffalo, accept its not
hahaha
ZAMUUUUUUUUUU
the other week
I was at bellas
and lost my hair brush
and I said
OHHH WHEERRREEEEE IS MY HAIRBRUSH
and she said "what"
and then I said
wait
"WHY DO I NEED A HAIRBRUSH IF I DON'T HAVE ANY HAIIRRRRRR"
HAHAHAHAHA
and she again said "What"
BAHAHAHAHA
she grew up with godless hippies
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LIKE
at least our parents fucking TRIED
they gave us awesome christian cartoons
her mom is her best friend
THEY DID
i bet she grew up watching cheech and chong
even if in your teen years you didn't go to church
when you were little
you went to summer bible garbage
ya know
hahahaha yep
i learned some good values
that's normal childhood
that i already knew
I kind of did yeah
don't steal
and such
hahahaha
dont murder
hahahahaha
HAHAHA
raping isnt as fun as it sounds
LIKE THOSE ARE SO PROFOUND
HUMANS WOULD HAVE NEVER THOUGHT OF THOSE
HAHAHAHA
only a god
could intervene with those morals
"guys lets stop force fucking eachothers wives and killing people who look funny"
OK
HAHAHAHA
my brother billo, he is retard
YOU WILL NEVER GET THIS
are you really quoting that omg lol
hhahahahaha
dude
i love sacha baron cohen
I do mostly
what dont you like?
sometimes
just
too much
hahahaha
yea
ill give ya that
I wasn't super fond of bruno
ahaha
i loved it because the joke was on everyone else
i mean\
paula abs=dul
Was it though?
abdul
ok
ok
yes it was hahaha
haha
that hotel manager had to witness them nacked tied together with a remote in their ass
HAHAHAHAHAHA
YEAH...
the point is to put people in non-PC situations and see how they react
hes a comedic genius
I mean
to me
a lot of that kind of comedy
is just really "jackass".

and I only like the first jackass.
If that makes sense
its not jack ass because it is planned and hes not high as hell on nitrous
hes very smart
he pre-writes everything
I know
and hearing him in interviewws
It's planned out
hes just so smart
very tediously
and yeah he does good interviews
I very much like borat
I know this.
haha
so since hanging out with this herpies-tologist guy
i want all sorts of new species
HAHA
Where is this dude from?!
this is inccredibly random
he's from hurricane
he actually
worked for my stepmom at potesta
and we kind of can connect there, because so did i
and he was the weird one on the field team that everyone avoided
and so was i
oh okay
haha
hahaha
hes like 35 or something though
he made an aqua teen reference the other day
which is hilarious because he just oozes "professional"
he works with my dad
at the DEP
really?
that's itnersting haha
yes
my friend and my dad work together
its odd
its just a weird nice thing, hes a good friend and he knows his shit
chris loves him haha
like how does one even become a herpetologist. it sounds like something that Curt Connors bestows on you with a goddamn scroll.
you study for a long time
He sounds like an intersting dude
haha
also
you are friends with a coworker of your father
I just needed to
say that
hahaha
yes, i didnt know until i told my dad and mindy about him
and mindy was like
thats the weird guy who spent his whole paycheck on candy cigarettes and pretended to smoke them in the field
HAHHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAAHHAHA
IS HE ME AT 15
yes
and we actually asked  him abuot it, after months of secretly laughing at him
i need to meat this guy
and he confirmed
the story is real
I just read the funniest god damn thing
???
"Coachellas fine if you just want to hook up, but I met both my wives at the Gathering of the Juggalos."
for some reason that made me die a little inside
I want to watch another "this year at the gathering of the juggalos" videos. They kill me.
HAHAHAHAHA
BOTH MY WIVES
HAHAHA
RIGHT
i love those videos
it's always 50 year old pregnant women doing ecstacy
it's FANTASTIC
I would almost go just for the novelty
i would totally go
100%
hahaha
it smells like cornbread with hot butter is coming out of the vents
....
i wont say what poppede into my head
hahahaha
popped
tell me
please
HAHAHAHHA
YOURE HAVING A STROKE OH GOD
hahahaahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hypochondriac
hahahaha
omg
thats always my first thought when i smell ANYTHING weird
lol thogh
im just like HERE IT COMES, BRACE YOURSELF FOR THE STROKE
SMILE LOOK IN THE MIRROR YOURE OKAY YOURE OKAY
omg dude
i do that
i make sure all my facial muscles still function
hahahaha
I was totally kidding you're insane hahahahaaha
EVERYTHING IS WORKING
OK
i seriously do that man
not so much anymore
im less crazy now
I used to think my appendix burst every time my lower right side hurt
which happened a surprising  amount
hahaha
dude hahaha i also fixate on a couple of organs
my heart is the one that scares me the most
and the veins in my brain
god you shouldn't have taken docs class in high school. it perpetuated your insanity
hahaha
I have issues like that too
I constantly think I have an arrhythmia
but I really think I might
dude
it literally
was
doc's class
thats what did it
not lying
haha knew it
the funny thing is
Just enough knowledge about the human body makes everything horrifying
Like we both think we're crazy all the time also
well
I mean we are
but are we
yep exactly, non of the STATISTICS that make you feel safe, just learn about all the terrible rare occurences that people die from
hahaha
YES
that's what those classes fucking do
just the WROST CASE SCENARIOS
because it's intersting
today I learned about neurocysticercosis
which is pork worms making pus filled eggs in your brain if you didn't know
Like why teach that to me
I am never eating bacon again
NO WHEN I READ NEURO AND CYST I WAS LIKE NOOOOOOO
i have heard of that btw
hahaha
I had before just from googling gross parasites. hhahahahahahahaha
I hate those parasites that get in your eye
there was a show on animal planet called monsters inside me
and it would say
NO
NO
NO
NO
"YOU NOTICE YOU HAVE THIS AMAZONIAN PARASITE WHEN YOU SEE IT SQUIRMING ACROSS YOUR CORNEA"
i wanted to vomit and eat it and vomit forever
in constant vomit
I won't even eat sushi anymore unless it's from a nice restaurant
aka, I don't really eat sushi anymore
i remember you talking about parasites while we had sushi hahaha
COME BACK HOME JESUS
11 days bruh
i think
I can't quite remember
nope
it's more than that
damn...youre missing the show but such a small amoutn of days
i wish you culd come in just for saturday
the 19th
I would if i could
but travel is expensive
haha
i know it is =/
YOU TOOK A BUS TO BELLA
i know that waws a short trip
lol
I did. but I bought those tickets 2.5 months a head of time haha
but yeah
whaaat
2.5?
REALLY?!?
2.5?!?
I didn't want to say two and a half
that's too much to ype
type
hahahahaha
i agree
2.5 is best
I'm watching this documentary about "evil"
and there is this "pastor" who "baptized" jeffery dahmer and he's having trouble talking about it
hahahah
BAHAHHA
i want to watch it
is it good?
like will it keep my attention?
It's pretty interesting
lots of dramatic music?
YES
HAHAHAHA
and
"alone at night in the woods" sound effecst
yes
my favborite
*chirp chirp chirp*
crickets
those really make things scary
hahaha
and the BRANCHES
OH THE BRANCHEs
HOW THEY BREAK
WHEN THE BEASTS WAKE UP
HAHAHAHA
dude
so
josh is terrified of ants
dude I'm hungry. #kony2012
and I know!
you told me about it
hahahahaha
but
oh no
there's more
i sent him this image, because he thinks the "antchrist" joke is hilarious
nan
and he got a little pissed, because hes so afraid of ants
jajajaja
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
THE ANT
OF ALL THINGS
EVOKED HIS ATTENTION
NOT CHRIST OBAMA
WHICH HE FINDS FUNNY
but the goddamned ant
yep hahahahaha
chris wants to put an antfarm on his desk
im just like
PLEASE NO
that's so funny
i know
like
i would love to see that
but he would never speak to me again
hahaha
wht will i do wth mai terrariuhm 
whts tht
its a fish tnk 4 snaks n lizrds
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
lets go to congo
THE congo
duhhhh
(peoples republic of)
Democratic
so much
they got ants
the conga! *dancing with fruit on head, tilted to side8
i seen em
HAHA
slide EIGHT
THEY GOT ANTS, I SEEN EM
HAHAHAHAHA
wat
r u mad
wats funny
i aint do nothin rong
rong
is so wrong
ur so rong
lol
#selfme
#sodegraded
im so hungry
literally for 3 or 4 days
ive been living on peanuts, unsalted
oh god
and one meal when i get home
thats sick
which is usually mac n cheese
im just
my stomach is begging me for food
i could maybe pass out
I eat one meal a day an a bagel in the morning. I thought that wasn't very much
haha
the first week of getting paid, we eat pretty well
the second week, we eat condiments on bread
and peanuts
hahahaha
haha
is there a way to ration it?
so you eat consistently OKAY for two weeks
instead of well for one
haha
well the problem is
that first week, we have lots of weed
so the food kind of
disappears
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OH MY GOD
That's so classically funny
lololol
I wish it weren't a real issue
then the week after is a crash diet week, woo no calories! #dietlife #weightwatchers #africanchilddiet
so rong but so so rite
gotta go home
sherlo9
#homelyfe
hahahahaha
0k
home leaves
shore leave
enjoy#
#kony2012
#goonidht allfg
HAHAHAHAHAHA
KONY2012
OMG
HAHAHAHAHA
bye now friend
Dude josh is like the lovechild of morrissey, marshall mathers, and disney's timon
(referring to his newest photo)
DISNEYS TIMON HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
he hates eminem by the way
so thats extras funny
extra
did you see the comment on it?
hahaha
Not yet
He does look like Disney's Timon
he does
i dont know how
but he does
its the eyes
YES
theyre always like
i cant explain the expression
It's like they're begging for something with their eyes
yes
like
"come hither please"
with a glass of wine
also i confirmed that he used to carry a cane
which furthers that
Neckbeard
Asshole
Omg
Was it
"Hid lady"
hahahahaha
what
They always say "m ' lady" like assholes
i know they do, he doesnt
hes not really a neckbeard
hes just
confused
hahahaha
I know
Omg
He's "confused"
im laughing so hard
hahahahaha
so i think im getting a new baby leachie from ariel
they just hatched
he says if one will eat crickets for him, he'll bring it to me
Awesome!
ive gotta pay for it of course haha
but its cheap
375
That's cheap
So cheap
Hahaha
well normally theyre 650-700 dollars
if theyre pure locale
which these are
Comparatively yes I k ow it is
let me show you them and their dad...
DAD
Dad
DAD
Dad
hahahahaha
Fucking fruit on the Bottom yogurt is always such a disappointment.  I always forget the fruit is just high fructose corn syrup
hahaha yea i dont get that
i like the greek yogurts with fruit
because its real fruit
I haven't had greek yogurt ever
and then i add like half a cup of sugar because its greek yogurt
My mom is always eating it
It just sounds and smells gross
But if you like it
The cat paw throbs
HAHAHA
heres thew babies and da daddy
I'm on my phonw e talking to you and I walk around campus laughing and idc anymore
hahahahaha
That's fancy
look how pink!
the pattern is cray
Is that indicative of something?
And yeah I see
it just means theyre a great color, which is valued more
so honestly
these babies wuld be probably 800
if i sold them at least
God there are teens everywhere touring college and I'm gonna scare them off with my lizard talking and laugh
My stomach is full of hate and pizza
lizard talking laugh hashahahahaha
hate and pizza
thats like
the two staple nouns of college
Hahahahahahahaha
help me name this leachie
i wanted to name it skrilla but its not gonna be money colors, its gonna be pink
name it pill
like the pill bug it is
ok
ok
ok
HAHAHAHAHA
go
stop lookig at pill bugs
weirdo
james-joyce
fresh to frog'
hahaha
i commented on josh's photo
oh god hahaha
OH NO
HAHAHAHAHAHA
well
i did say he looked like hades
i commented
he's wearing a vest right
probably
why?
make sure
WHYT
look at the photo
hahahaha
is that a vest?
my next comment in contingent on this
i cannot tell
it looks to be
a pinstriped hoodie?
i dont know
hahahaha
what is the comment
(Vest by Disney's Aladdin)
NO
hahahahahahaha
hahaha
dont straight up make fun of him
hahahahahahaha
im laughing so hard
He's asking for it but I won't
LOLOLOLOLOL
HES ASKING FOR IT
hair cut by hades, aladdins vest, timons face, and cuzcos attitude
he is pure disney
CUZCOS ATTITUDE
OPMG
OMG
OMG
OMG
I CANT HOLD IT TOGETHER
try to
you are at work
and I'm in a library, filled with teens
TEEEEENZ
I JUST WANT TO SCREAM
TEEEEEEEENZ
and make it soudns terrible
like borderline dragons creech
screech
liek the screech you used to do
always
did i screech?
hahahaha
yes
like a pterodactyl
when did i do this
middle school
part of high school
you just made this osund
sound
why would i make this sound
for no reason?
yes
to be silly
why are you so curious
you must not remember
I HOPE YOU FELL EMBARRASSED FOR YOUR ACTIONS
i dont
i feel powerful
i am a pterasaur
is that a word
hahaha josh's comment
dude hade's was not suave
hahahaha
he was kind of disorganized in hi evil ways, more of a jackass than a villain, and kind of funny shaped
hahahaha
no
he was suave
the hair
of flames
the hair only
he always like
brush it back
WITH HIS BARE HANDS
ITS FLAMES
SO SUAVE
he was a jokester too if that helps
but as a villain
NO
he was a jokester
he was a nice villain because
he wasnt overly cruel
he was but
he knew herc would beat him
and he kind of liked meg
omg josh's comment
james woods
why
oh my god
frye from futurama
omfg
hahahahaha
so true
so so true
I still like
disneys timon
partly because i get to say disneys
yes
i like that as well
hahahaha
i wish he looked like andy fro mtoy story
so i could say
disney pixars steve job's
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT EVEN
tell him
he looks like
buzzlighter
without the helmet
light year
haha
SAY IT
or i will
buzz lighter
oh my god
you cigarette
hahahahaha
hes enjoying us paying attention to him
how do you know that
let me guess
he either said those exact words or he unnecessarily brought us commenting on his photo up in conversation
(lol it can be either or both so I look smart either way)
no im not even talking toh im atm
hahaha
i just know
that's kind of pitiful but understandable
REMEMBER
HE'S 36
i so love saying that
so much
hahhaha
dude
the other day
let me tell you a story son
hahahaha
anyways
i went outside to see josh for a second, we start talking about some BS
tell m
clint casto walks up
Ok
Ok
the guy from the party who was high as hell and paranoid
HAH
and he starts talking about how charleston's crime rate is so fucking high and theres so many murders and rapes
and josh is just like, thats not true, no
and then he got angry
and started yelling at him
YOURE FULL OF SHIT, THATS CRAZY
IF THAT WERE TRUE ID HAVE TO KICK TWO PEOPLE RAPING EACH OTHER OUT OF THE WAY WHEN I LEFT MY HOUSE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
DEAR CHRIST
i was just laughing the entire time
I mean as a ratio to the population we do have a lot of that
but compared to a bigger city no we don't
but his response
hahahahahahaha
exactly
KICKING RAPISTS OUT OF THE WAY
he was trying to say we're like detroit
and josh is like
NO
yea dude i lost my shit
we have a lot for our size and demographic
hahahaha
but god
it was a good show
we aren't detroit
hhahahI FUCKING BET
watching him be angry at not me
is one of the best things to watch
hes only been a dick to me once
when i mentioned someone being an aries and he was like, thats total bullshit
but thats it
it's fun to speculate about astrology
I don't care if it's real
saying someone is a libra if they're similar to you is validating
obviously I don't worship the stars
hahahaha
of course it doesn't mean anything
but it's really cool
JOSH
"he doesn't get libras"
he doesnt
i was trying to explain to him
how all 3 of my best friends are libra males
and hes like
just coincidence
so what if it is?
It's a cool one
exactly
so discussing it is okay
yes
He just wants to be the outsider
AT ALL TIMES
i called him out the other day dude, so fucking hard
like
listen haha
that's why after being liberal stopped being cool he made up a political affiliation and instead of spiders he's afraid of ants
i was trying to explain danny collins to him, because he was at our house, and i showed him a photo of him
HAHA
ok
Omg
haha
and he was like, looks like hipster trash
HE DOES
BUT DANNY
and i said you dont actually know a person unless you talk to them
he isn't as a person
RIGHT
and he said he likes to use stereotypes to cut down on talking to people
and i said
wow....
thats extremely ignorant
if that were true
he wouldn't be talking to you.
I just think he likes being mean to things you like
i actually attacked him with friendship
or about
HAHA
for like months
he fought it
i swear
you did
hahahaha
and now
he'd be thanking me
because he knows im the best
look at what you have created
i created a new fun person to pick on and laugh at
also
he knows good food
what
speaking of food
did I tell you my mom and john have been going to black sheep
IT'S INFECTIOUS
nan
dude
black sheep is THE BEST
I miss it
i just got carded by a bitch there
and now im afraid to go back
HAHAHA
I mean they'll still take your money
yea but
i went back that same day with my  mom
and got the same cunt waitress
and she asked to see my ID AGAIN
without me ordering a drinkl
and i was like, im here for the burritos
What a Dick
seriously
i hate her
my mom just laughed
i think the lady was trying to call me out in front of my mom
and then  realized
she doesnt care
im an adult
i have NO WORK today
omg my new vapist mod
is SO FUCKING COOL
ITS CUSTOM PAINTED WITH CAR PAINT
its a slightly glittery powder purple clear lacquer, with the "rings" that come on and off torched so they look rainbowy
I love that you used my new word
...rings....
FUCK OFF
Vapist
ill vape you so hard
to death
I'll vape with your preteen. They will turn to the vape and read a book about the red hot chili peppers. 
Devilinside#
hahahahaha
my new goal with my leachie project
is not to breed them
but to get them as massive as possible for my personal admiration
That's not a goal that's a personal fantasy
Doable
But still haha
that is a goal
the size of them is something to work towards
and dude its work
3-5 years of feeding
a very very varied diet
omg the girl i just shipped a gecko to gave us an awesome review on fauna :DDDD
Awesome
54 people have viewed it since yesterday
fauna is like
the main place for breeders to either bitch about someone and get the whole community to attack them until the fix the issue, OR you can post about a breeder and your great experience with them.  you can also buy and sell on there
IT MAKES OR BREAKS YOU
it really does
well, i can make me myself
but it will break you
lol
nan
*softpaw*
im naming my new leachie Zero
he is a bayonnaise
get this
I'm gonna buy a moro and breed them in a few years
and call it the
MAYONNAISE LINE
moro + bayonnaise
OH MY GOD
DEDICATED TO ME
yep
dedicated to you
I am mayonnaise
I am an instrument
mayonnaise is not an instrument
nan
mister krabs
do you feel it?...mister krabs?
if by it you mean god
then yes
the holy trinity
martin is jealous of our friendship
because its so
*powerful*
such *strength*
the likes of which no #earth rat# has ever seen
#elohim
#savior
#drakedagreatest
-george foreman
(read on tape by phillip seymour hoffman's ghost's penis)
HAHAHA
we have a winner
I hate:
when I engage someone in a text conversation, and instead of saying they can't talk, or I've begun to bore them, they stop answering. I'm okay with being put in my place, but I hate being ignored
-christ himself
I FEEL YOU LITERALLY 100%
this weirdest luckiest nicest thing just happened to me
and im still in shock
so ill tell you in a minute
ok
haha
Let me try to summarize this
actually ill just send you messages to read lol
ok
haha
character introduction: stephanie is ariel's business partner, very good friend of mine, theyre both coming in for the show friday
ok ok
haha
crap it isnt working
hold on
ooooookkkkkkkk
Can you explain without whatever your doing?
yes sorry hahaha
So Ariel just gave me Stephanie's first pair of crested geckos, because they were purchased from this DICK brian butler, and they were sold as unrelated, but they bred them together and they ARE related, and they hate him so much that theyre giving them to me but only if i promise to never breed them together and stephanie gets half of the offspring
a male and a female, probably worth around 800 dollars
is what im receiving
Whoa
Jesus
right?
and apparently
theres another surprise
That you don't know of yet?
nope
well
kind of
im confused
she sent me this
nan
i have no idea
I know what I'm looking at
but I don't know why I'm looking at it
haha
MY THOUGHTS EXACTLY
it looks like a collage
but that's just me
it is a collage
but WHY
well it says halloween
yes
thats a "morph"
not a real genetic morph
but a color mutation
i guess i finally "co-own" geckos now
haha
haha what
yes
thats a thing
two owners
one gecko
bam
it's like two girls one cup but with geckos normal people and no fetishism
Is that what "co" means
(2011 teenager interpretation)
co means
yes
you know what co means
hahahaha
I ALMOST GOT YOU TO EXPLAIN IT TO ME
co-worker
co-hand
co-friend
you are my co-friend
check this hot status out:
I need votes. I'm more than likely getting my hair dip-dyed tomorrow. What color should I go with: Purple, black, or brown? Or throw out a different color. I just want more opinions before I do it.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
who is that?
hahahaha
also
shayn got herpes from erin shelton
I don'y even remember
thought bella should know
HAHAHA
OMG
hahahahaaha
okay ass hole
that was solid
HaHAHAHAHAHHA
i just found out yesterday
i hate all whores
line em up
and ill take em out
I'll feed them to *cryptids*
i am talking to too many people
*hold please*
...I sure love listening to vivaldi's "the four seasons".... My office should totally get a better call waiting song! lolz!
Damn dude is already sentimental saturday? fuck
HAHAHAHAHA
HOWD I MISS IT YO
i have no idea man
dude im so hungry
i have 60 cents
I have...No money and I had a yogurt today. I'm not sure what my game plan is regarding food haha
i got paid so tomorrow i can go and get aldi food
but
BUT
i have no food tonight
or now
shit
i haven't had biscuits and gravy in like a year
i miss that meal
ITS YUMMAY
MARTIN IS JUST LOOK
MAN EVERYTIME I LOOK OVER THERE YOURE TALKING TO HIM
I WISH I HAD A FRIEND LIKE THAT
HAHAHA
ITS JUST EVERY DAY
hahahahahaha
he watches my screen
total inasion of privacy
invasino
HAHAHA
can I ask you a question
(need validation)
yes
Am I a child for choosing to ignore bella for an hour to punish her because rather than tell me she was busy, she sporadically texted me every two hours today
no
youre just treated her how she thinks is fair to treat you
dont sweat it
I know. I just needed you to say it.
hahah
AND SHE'S ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE WHO SAYS LOL!! AFTER EVERYTHING TOO
so it's not super stimulating conversation (texting)
omg i would be incredibly annoyed by that
like
i couldnt deal with it
I have to tweet negative things that are transparently about her to feel better
aw D:
HAHA
but she doesn't get that it's about her
which is
good?
I JUST REALIZED
MY COMPUTER
CAN DO CHARACTERS OF ALL SORTS
  
oh my god hhahaha
The first one
looks like that sign for
AMERICAN EAGLE
today is the best day at work

how
not one actionable FB complaint today
and i leave in 2.5 hours
wow
That's nice
ive just been hanging out with people and i went to mcdonalds
lol
and buzzfeeding
did you ever wonder
What if walt would have just taken the job from hsi rich friend for the insurance
his*
like
that would have played out really well for him
hahaha
theyve done funny parodies like that i think
hahaha
its like, then the show is over
have you seen the malcolm in the middle ending
"it was all a dream"
no
hahahaha
i didnt watch it much
Bryan crsntaon went back into characer as hal and did a video thing with the woman who played the wife on that show
it was delightful
WHAT
WAIT
I HAVE SEEN THAT
yeah
it's REAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtYNX3JWzjc
dude
lol
come on
YOU ARENT A FAN
i said
i have seen this
(I know)
I realized this after you exclamations and was hoping you wouldn't notice what just happens
I didn't read the words
I just saw "SEEN"   "THIS"    in all caps.
hahahahaha
i seen it
what the fuck did that co worker you had say to that customer
he seen something
that made me laiugh so hard
yes
he said he heen her accoutn info
account
HER ACCOUTN
here youre poor too, enjoy these delicious breakfast ideas
http://www.buzzfeed.com/tashweenali/energy-boosting-breakfast-toasts
(kills self)
I'M SO HUNGRY
I NEED TOAST
WITH SPREADS
I just turned on grave encounters two hahaha
YESYESYESYES
tell me all your reactions
omg
im watching the movie through you
I'm giving this one
LENSES:OPEN
ONE Skull
MOVIE:ON
the only college like that is WVU
this party is ridiculous
I DONT KNOW WHATS GOING ON
WHERE THE FUCK IS ALEX
exactly
hahahaha
its a great movie
this is such a cliche
omg
this roommmate dynamic
hahaha
he's so pretty
i know its kind of cheesy but like
theres a twist
a big one
he's so scary looking as a cross dresser
yes he is
looks like
brian molko
My brand new mac doesn't have the processing capabilities to play a movie and do something else. Hahahaha
SLOW COMPUTER
OH OKAY
IT DECIDED TO UPDATE ALL OF MY APPLICATIONS AS THE MOVIE WAS BUFFERING
FUCK THIS MACHINE
OK
DEATH AWAITS SENT IT
hahahahahaha
yes
he did
STACI KNOWS SH LIKES IT
yep
she does
smokes angrily
high times in film school
martin just had me do a bump of something on his desk real quick
HOLY SHIT
and then when i asked what it was
he said
youll figure it out
hahahahaha
wait
what
no
haha
dude
I was just scared
it was small
like
probably coke or something
I've never been scared by a movie
oh
hahahahaha
I don't remember the last time that happened
I made a hank hill nosie
HAHAHAHA
because I haven't been scared by a film in so long
I DONT KNOW WHATS APPROPRIATE
you cant even type that noise
bweeeeeehhh
there are random flickers of green footage
what
it's like
a transition between scences
hahaha
HES ARRIVED WITH TOOLS
hes removing teeth
ok
what are you watching?
hahaha
when do they remove theeth
grave encounters 2
It's the film that the kid is making
hahahaah
oh yes
hahahaha
wtf
is shawn like psychologically a child
or dead
I think dead
shawn....
his moms insane
which is he?
oh
OH NO THE CARETAKER
SHE IS FOREIGN
and PRESUMABLY STRONG
presumably
this is ok
but that girl
is SUCH a bad actress hahaa
she really is
shes an integral character
This is cliche a little
but i'm interested
obsessed with conspiracy
*consumes him*
it is cliche
untl shit gets crazy
HAHAHAHA
*am consumed*
FUCK
HIS MOUTH
IT DID THAT THING THAT THE GHOULS MOUTH DID IN THE FIRST MOVIE
HAHAHA
yes
it did
it scared me
hahaha
something is already weird
i think the twist on this already exists
like
in the begining
THE OTHER DUDE IS CANADIAN
ABOOT
haha
sentient security camera
yes
lol
it has an affinity for him
it is god
quite possibly
man
powdered doughnuts make me go nuts
yes
but it fills your lung with powder
asphyxiating you
the producer is such a
cliche looking slick movie prpducer
hahahaha
hahah
i enjoy that
he is
its cheezy for a reason
They are breaking the fourth wall
they are talking aabout the movie they are in in the movie
we are on our way
to tit ass fuck shit hospital
hahahaha
I knoiw why the censor it
I get it
but that's what I'm hearing
haha
its so fucking cold in here
start fires
im going to go outside and just chill for a bit maybe
it's nice out I think
definitely warmer out there
its so fucking ncie outside
nice
how are these kids so rich
they have nicer equipment than the film crew
OMG
He said
"speak freely, give us a sign..."
*grimaces*
*tone changes*
"create a cold spot"
the stuff belongs to the school they go to
I literally JUST learned that
hahahaha
they killed the minority first
hahahahahahaha
of course
asian eyes in night vision are like the worst
dude i thought about that
lol
his eyes were REALLY intersting looking
haha
oh my god
the girl floating
with her mouth agape
that is fucking unsettling
haha
yes
i just want to go outside
and roll around on the newly paved parking lot
praising the lord
screaming
writhing
please read that back to yourself
hahahaha
I'm not even gonna dignify that with a that's what she said
HAHAHAHAHAHA
like hahahahah whaaat t
WRITHING
PRAISE THE LORD
i love that word
ME TOO
lol
OK
I'm confused
the second girl that gets killed
how the FUCK does she die
its a myyyysteryyyyy
You see mist around her, shes like moving her body back and forth, and then she bleeds from her eyes
I HATE USING MY IMMAGINATION
hahaha
i have to read this article on nymphomaniac
the movie
by
lars von trier
I'm interested in that movie
GOD THIS FUCKING LONG ARMED GENDERLESS ALIEN MONSTER IS SO WEIRD WTF
see antichrist?
i love that one haha
the slender man thing
yes
haha
and yeah I did
scarred for life haha
no
tell me they made it out of that building
I feel like they didn't really
OH MY GOD
yep
i was like
WHAAAAAAAA
the building is genius
IT IS
hhahahaha
it gets even smarter
steam
OH GOD
THAT GIRL IS LIKE CHARGING HIM
STEEEEEEEAM
WITH HER AGAPE MOUTH
OF COURSE
they're gonna have him get the rat again
yes
he loves rats
havent you seen?
I HAVE
you know what would be scary
???
beans coming out of my mouth
HAHAHAHA
OH GOD
when he was saying he's lance preston and doing the grave encounters thing over and over to the ghost with the camera
he like switches ona dime and has a normal voice
hahaha
yep
and the ghosts
are recording everything
hahaha
they are organized
and smart
the red door was just a red door lmao
yes
hahaha
HAHAHA collect the tapes
wtf
finish the film
yesss hahaha
WHAT
haah
ok
so there are physics equations on that "demon board"
HAHAHAHA
"what the hell are these things"
THE PHYSICS DEMON
I'm 1/3 through Becks discography...today. Help me
I shall not hahaha
I am willing to offer you
My hands
No deal bucko
Plastic donut can of spam
I can't help myself
youre starved for attention
hahahaha
im sorry
More like
been cleaning all day
"we haven't talked today, so I should say something weird to hunter to let her know I still care"
HAHAHA
I've been busy all day too yeah
hahaha
i bleached my entire ktichen
kitchen
with a scrubber and paper towels
installed our downstairs air conditioner
isn't that satisfying? I think it is
It sounds pleasurable
been cleaning a shit ton upstairs so ariel doesnt think are reptile room is a mess haha
yea its fun
The satisfaction of a clean home/workspace is awesome.
Also accomplishing tasks feels good
hahah
chris doesnt understand it
but he cleaned some in the bathroom
haha
he vacuumed
I mean
cleaned the sink
toilet
good stuff
only type a freaks enjoy the gratification from cleaning. Hell, we enjoy the gratification and rewards from eating a sandwich more than most. So we eat them "extra hard"
HAHAHAHA
yes
i hate doing laundry though. Here's why: I can't find the most efficient way to fold clothes
ME TOO
i hate folding clothes
because its two persons worth
and it overwhelmes me
YES
also
It does me too
the crickets in the basements scare me
basement
I understand that
we have one
hahahahaha
Are they big crickets?
big and small
like those SPIDER LEGGED CRICKETS
(say: leg-ed)
cellar crickets
or
camel bac crickets
yes
blech
kill me
hahaha
I hate those
they'll enter my body and control me
why is that my go to
it's never gonna happen
it was the die antwoord video
with the prawn
OH GOD
THAT
PLUS THE CONCEPT OF THE MOVIE ALIEN
PLUS MY LIFE LONG FEAR OF BEING INHABITED
3 THINGS
hahahahahahahaha
hahahaha
shut up
you have fears
im afraid of something getting in my ear
its like
the worst
When I was in elementary school, bugs flew into my ears on the swings all of the time. Every time I went to the nurses office, she was like "how did this happen AGAIN!"
I realize now
that you you flush your ear with hydrogen peroxide it will come out
she would like
hold me down on the table
and plunge in my ears with tweasers
which is SO DANGEROUS
once she got a gnat or something by it's WING
im laughing so hard
how did you repeatedly get ear gnats
I know. It's hilarious. but it wasn't to me. This is 100% true.
hahahaha
like
I would be swinging REALLY HIGH on the swing
and they would just enter
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
hey you need to watch the original ghost adventures film
its like
the best
ever
I'm gonna let you laugh, but I refuse to entertain this story any longer
Is it?
haha
how?
and got some INCREDIBLE evidence
I was pretyy convinced by the xbox connect
fuck
hahaha
kinect
I've rationalized ghosts in my head over and over, and there's no way they can't be real.
they are real
ive experienced them
and now
im literally addicted
to the paranormal
like
the feeling
Like there is definitely a multiverse, and things that we can't perceive or see, so why wouldn't there be sentient beings living in parallel realities?
the adrenaline
I've never experienced it
it felt nearly
comforting
but still scary
It just makes sense to me
I kind of want to
I felt like a lot of positive spirit energy was there
because there were kids and women and everyone was nice
they were just sick
really
I have an unpopular theory on this kind of thing
I think
yes, it's a mix of sad energy and warm energy
that these beings exist in appropriate places to where they would in their own realities, but I don't think they're dead humans or anything. I think they're like, not even close to us
well obviously they aren't
haha
but it's not like we make out distinct features when we have evidence of some kind of paranormal entity, it's just...it's there and it's interacting with us. We can't see it, but we can detect it BARELY
What is it?
My whole fear has always been being "touched" by a ghost
i think that there are many types
demons, people, maybe aliens in some forms
angels
i think
there are just alternate realities
and by angel i mean i spirit of good intent, not necessarily the bibilical version
hell is real but it has nothing to do with religion
i dont believe in the devil
but i believe demons also inhabit hell
with bad spirits of humans
i think you only go there if youre just bad, bad energy, did emotionally terrible things
i believe in energy
watch the ghost adventures movie
and then new ghost adventures
watch them all
hahaha
I will make sure to watch them
yes, do
holy god
most solid ghost evidence ever
ok ok
on the newest ghost adventures
http://www.uploadc.com/g78ssd6ve7oo/Ghost.Adventures.S09E08.St.James.Hotel.720p.HDTV.x264-DHD.mkv.flv.htm
watch
I will tomorrow or later tonight.
Is it THAT convincing?
yes
i would watch it
now
I have to eat and then watch cosmos and then watch mad men. (This is my one day a week for tv) haha. So I WILL watch it though if there's like insane proff in there
Can you tell me what it is
yes
the kinect
OH god
another one of those?
yes
more
Shit
lots
I'm glad the utilize that
Them or parnormal activity 3
who dun it first
hahahaha
i dont know
probably paranormal activity
what's hilarious
is if it was the movie
they applied movie logic
to real life
yes
and it worked
hahaha
that one guy invented it
newt Gingrich
What?
of the paranormal
HAHAHAHA
WHAT
he looks like him
i forget his name
omg
he operates the kinect
he watched the cameras
OH OKA
Y
what if we lived in war torn country where people were constantly being killed and there were vending machines filled with antibiotics and splints for broken limbs
that would be terrible
hahaha
good.
dude im so bored
ive already done the dishes, vacuumed, and mopped
and i cleaned for hurs yesterday
hours
i need a movie or something
that sucks dude
tell me a movie
tell me
grave encounters 2
I DID
DUMMIEY
hahaha
the entire series: the proud family
hahahahahaha
thats such a penny proud thing to say
get out
dijon....e
i was thought of mustard when i saw that show
yes
me too
hahahaha
hmmm
i want to watch something either weird scary
or really funny
man chris is being a passive aggressive dick about me not hiking with him yesterday
we went to brunch with josh, chris seemed like he actually enjoyed it a lot, and then we go outside and its like 90 degrees
we go get groceries
get them all in the house and organized, and i just start cleaning
and he was angry that we didnt go hiking, but we did "my thing" (i guess he thinks he didnt eat food at lunch)
that's so mundane
why is this even a thing
now im telling him how tired i am from cleaning today, and hes like, youre 20, you shouldnt be tired after 90 minutes of cleanings
wow
I'm sorry
like, i already feel like shit about myself
if he wants to go fuck around in poison ivy and sweat his ass off, he can
i wanted a spring day
not the temprature of the sun
*temperature
it was rather hot
plus, i was CLEANING
ariel is going to be here this weekend!
hes never been in our house before
and a new girl, kristen, is coming in to vend and shes my good friend, the one that makes gecko jewelry
so ill have two important guests over
I understand where you're coming from there.
i need the house to look
adult
and professional
to a degree
lol
oh sweet jesus my custom vape is complete, plus an extra accessory case to house the battery which is blue
you must see this
OMG SETH ROGEN ON SNL
ON THE NEWEST ONE
HAHAHAHAHAHA
he addresses the james franco thing
and plays a dare officer
Omg hahahaha
That's funny
nan
i think im going to be able to afford a 2008 hyundai sonata
which is awesome
becayse
"ladayyyy, step inside muh hyundaiiii"
Hahahaga
That's awesome
lemme show you
https://www.google.com/search?q=white+2008+hyundai+sonata&client=firefox-a&hs=b8o&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&channel=sb&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=IURMU9y3BIeU2wWe3IGQBA&ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ&biw=1366&bih=657#facrc=_&imgrc=SrrjbQ6PYtLEiM%253A%3BIcN7E6tURzy3uM%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fupload.wikimedia.org%252Fwikipedia%252Fcommons%252F8%252F89%252F06-08_Hyundai_Sonata.jpg%3Bhttp%253A%252F%252Fcommons.wikimedia.org%252Fwiki%252FFile%253A06-08_Hyundai_Sonata.jpg%3B1852%3B1088
OH nice dude
soryr I didn't answer earlier. I had to totally rewrite this long ass paper today. I have communicated with no one
haha
I'm sorry haha
I'm just like
So excited to own the make of car mentioned in Debra
And it's white and beautiful
HAHA
IT does look nice
It's nice inside too. Some minor stains but it's got like the walnut or mahogany trim and stuff
We wouldn't need to rent a car lol
WHEW
that would be so expensive anyway
The guy knows my mom
ohhhhh ok this guy
I can afford it
Barely
that's "good?"
right?
Yes haha
NICE
VAPER RAPER
OMG
wait
raper
WHAT THE FUCK
THERE'S A VAPING MAGEZINE
of course haha
do you carry the vampiric germ
not that im aware of
hahahaha
good
man
i cant get that car
its not a good deal at all
turns out
im gonna have to get something cheaper probably
and way less cool
Well that suck
s
but that's something
yea well we found a subaru forrester for like 6k
which is a great deal
Those aren't bad at all
hopinf to find something like that when i actually have my money
yeah
ill just be happy to have a reliable car
dont care what it looks like
lol
I am not emotionally ready for a car
If i were to come up with the money to obtain such a thing
I would approach
and my eyes would emit photons, melting down to metal, which I would sell for bus passes
HAHAHA
bus passes
I take the bus everywhere
Fuck cars
(i wish I had a car)
i used to ride the bus daily lol
I did as a charleston teen
gah i wish i got a weekend haha
wha
i had to get up and meet josh and then clean all day yesterday
damn
I see
yeah
today my mom came to my door and made me leave the house to go to a bullshit salesman who tried to fuck me on that hyundai
and i cleaned a shit ton today
and then had to go to dads
so they could tell me everything about buying a car
don't you love that
like
i will never get a total day of rest
those kind of days
wow
yeah
That just seems like a lot
Studying is nothing compared to real world problems
I'm so scared of the real world
lol
*claps and teleports away like night crawler*
its almost less stressful because theres real motivation to do it.  i dont fail a test if i miss my rent check.  i am homeless. lol
HAHA
THAT
is true
and a very good analogy
haha
real life is less stressful for me than school was
i mean
when you work a undane job
mundane
I mean the game has changed
REAL THINGS are on the table
you dont have to get an A+ to get paid
hahahaha
that's true
there's like
a larger threshold for performance
and
a lower toleration for fucking up.
like
you don't fail
you lose your home
haha
yep
then youre not "failed"
just, without a house
haha
and you know
hahahaha
bills arent really that bad
they send them to you early
and then even if you forget, like our gas bill, theyll just send you two months worth of a bill the next month
they send a notice before anything gets shut off
Yeah
THE PINK SLIP
yep haha
ive only gotten one
ON THE DO'
and that was for internet
my mom has several of her bills like direct transferred from her bnk acnt
i think
yea i dont do that
because of overdrafting
unless you're extremely budgeted
that would be HORRIFYING
yeah
when you loive check to check, you dont want automatic bill pay lol
live
the only thing i have
is automatic insurance
for my car
I have to start paying bills next year, and that puts me halfway into the real world. I don't like it
it feels empowering
like youre finally a cog
...in the machine
i retract my first statemne
hahahahaha
statement
hahahaha
NOTED
DULY NOTED
watch the new snl
with seth rogen
hahahaha
*pistol whipped*
patches hand
OH
ok
yeah
I will
bella watched it....Live....
and was like
saying it was "okay" but some of it was funny
I never now how to interpret her reviews of comedy
(she has bad taste in comedy)
its funny
and you would like it
if i do
lol
I love seth rogan
hes a comedic genius
not really
but
hes hilarious
I knowwhat you mean
he's just good enough
like he's so funny
but he's not QUITE a comedic genius
I've been eating a burrito for 50 minutes
hahahahaha
because it's all I've had to eat today
EAT IT HARDER
OMG
shut up
hahaha
dude
i DEMOLISHED a tuna sandwich yesterday so hard that chris even noted that it disappeared in my hands
hahaha
HAHA
I love tuna sandwiches
put celery in the tuna
go make it crunmchy
that is a good idea
it sounds delicious
it is
i also put tons of ghost chili sauce in it
I MISS THAT SAWCE
you can oorder it
lol
(with my money)
jk
I'm god
I can do whatever I want!
they get it at tj maxx, josh always sends me photos of the bottles when theyre in
lol
When I get back in I'm going to get it
ill give you my bottle if you cant find it
(patches yesssssss)
let's rob graves
as grave robbers
i almost stole some stone gargoyles a bit ago
they were just sitting there next to the closed used car lot
let's go *stealing*
chris used to with his friends
hahahaha
whent hey were like 12
because one of the kids' dads
was fucked up
and made them steal shit
I REMEMBER YOU TELLING ME THIS
hahahaha
they called it....midnight shopping?
HAHAHHAHA
midnight shopping
i know
what a fucked childhood
i didnt know what sex was at 12
hahaha
I did
emma manning taught me with anime drawings
OH MY GOD
NO
WAY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
she ruined my middle school expierience
in 6th grade at leaast
she sat near me and joey haddad
and would like
talk out scenarios of the two of us fucking
and I couldn't do anything about it.
One time
Me and josh zegeer like tied her up in one of the band offices and left her there or something
i can't remember specifically
oh jesus
hahahahahahaha
and like
HAHAHAHAHAHA
they tried to get me introuble
and then
HERE IT IS
my mom found some SICK fucking note emma had shoved into my bookbag the day before and called the school
*SCANDAL*
I didn't get in trouble
I REMEMBER THIS
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
oh my god
emma manning
she always fucking called me titty bear in science class
fuck her
what a trainwreck
TITTY BEAR
I learned about gay sex at 11
DIE BITCH
DIEEEEEE
"Emma I saw your notebook. What was inside, was extremely disturbing"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAAHAHAHAHHAA
I WILL
NEVER
NEVER
NEVER
FORGET
THAT
he was so stoic about the whole thing
like that was the funny part
i know
he was like
genuinely disturbed
hahahahahahahaa
hahahahahahaha
I  know
im laughing so hard
thinking about it
and everyone just looked at each other
it was her and ian's book
he was weird with her
and hes gay now
hahahaha
once we found brad matheny's "journal" in 6th grade. It was just full of crude drawings of really long penises on stick figures, womans underwear, and mishapen boobs
like
I'm being so descriptive
to accurately depict
how weird middle school was
OMG
IM DYING
BRAD MATHENY
HAHAHAHA
hahaahhaahhahaha
right
that guy
remember charlie now known as charlie party rock gibson on facebook
he was at hmms for a year
OMG
one time
HAHAHAHAHAA
I looked at him
and he was staring at shannon chaty
i dont think i remember him haha
and did that weird thing where you pretend your sucking a dick and looked at her with like wanting in his eyes, and she made the "omg your shirt is so ugly" face
like
I was thinking
TOTAL
INAPPROPRIATE RESPONSE
like
her reaction
lasted .5 seconds
I remember in like 8th grade
there was that alex guy who liked to "take stuff apart" as he put it in class meet and greet
and he would like
finger natalie byrne in english class
and we all hated him
and her
because they just
let it happen
remember when we had that voodoo doll
that little tiny cute one
omg
dude
that we goofed around with
i was unaware of fingering class
hahahahahahahaha
FINGERING CLASS
HAHAHAHA
YEP
MISS HAYEWOOD
WHAT A BEEOOOOTCHHHHH *bro*
omg i liked her
because
well
she was nice to me
remember jordan lorea and his INCREDIBLY blodne hair
because i was quiet
i had no friends in that class
so i didnt talk
i was just very weird and oddly smart
i was lumped in with the preppy kids
because of my grades and calm demeanor
hahahahahaha
I was but just in science class and wv studies
I was forced to be around people that I otherwise wouldn't
because I was in the "smart" science class hahahahahaa
OMG
WHAT WAS HER NAME
MRS
HAYES?
HAHAHAHAHA
she was so fucking into teaching
dude the science teacher
chris had her too
hahahahahahaha
once zac myers through a spitball like, about 6 pieces of paper it was foul and gross, across the room and you could like hear it resisting the wind it was powerful....it hit the other side of the room and STUCK
she was so busy doing her teaching "dance"
she didn't notice
this cant be the same teacher
but im dying laughin
It is
do you mean
hayes
science
hahahahahahahahaha
8th grade
promise
haha
"king of the castle i have a chair"
hahahaha
once angel saw her and her husband "snuggling" and "kissing" at applebees
ew
nasty
hahahahaha
I laughed at the description
she was like
SNUGGLING AND KISSING
im trying to remember things
mr parsons hated you
hahahahahaha
I can go on and on
DUDE
WHAT WAS HIS DEAL WITH ME
it was comical how mean he was for no reason
I DID WELL IN HIS CLASS
HE TORTURED ME
WHAT THE FUCK WAS HIS PROBLEM
I'm gonna take a guess
you were unorganized
and he hate those
turn in your notes things
which are DUMB
dude
those were SHIT
like
if you do well on a test
who the fuck cares about your notes
thats fucking manipulative
and controlling
the teaching there, at hmms
was poor
at best
it was...
oh my fucking god
remember mister singleton
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH
AND HIS FACE
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
omg
his name
i remember
what did he look like
like
i know the name so much
hahaha
someone put a huge dent in bryan cranstons face and put his eyes really close together
with glasses
OH MY GOD
HES DR SINGLETON NOW
and i was wrong about how he looked
im dying
http://kcs.kana.k12.wv.us/horacemann/Teachers_6th.htm
hahahahahahaha
IM DYING
HE LOOKS LIKE
MARK CHRISTENSEN
he was in mr hudnalls band!!!!!!!!
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH
https://www.facebook.com/mark.christensen.98478?fref=ts
what the fucking shit
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHHAHHAAHAH
OMG
THAT S UNCANNY
that dude has the best geckos too
hahahahahahaha
HAHA
fucking shit
wow
dude
I see mrs jones sometimes
she is still insane
her daughter was weird
and i didnt like her
Bella is very good friends with her
I've been to her house like 6 times
hahahaha
I'm scrolling the the hmms webpage
haha
YO
MRS HAYES STILL THERE
holy god
mr annie is like a brownish danny devito
I LOVE THIS BIO
Mr. Jewett enjoys all sports, and recommends the book, Outliers: The Story of Success by Malcolm Gladwell. "It's a great book about being happy about what you have." Mr. Jewett also enjoys creating music and spending time with his children.
ahahahahah
faaaaagg
jk
like
that doesn't even register in my head
it's like 7 year old wrote it
hahahahaa
it is
remember
mr blackwell
made me
make the school a wikipedia page
because of the youtube scandal
HAHAAHA
hahahahahahahah
YES
wait
what youtube scandal
I forget
the one that was cyber bullying but wasnt but it then turned into cyber bullying
dude
I remember kind of
samantha campbell got her panties in a wad for no reaosn
but I don't
WAIT
WAIT
and had her mom call the school
YES
I FUCKING REMEMBER THAT
you did cyberbully her
yep
hahahahahahahahahahaahha
you and fucking
casey hudson?
you guys kinda ruined 8th grade for me
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahahaha
no listen
that video didnt come out until she had completely alienated me
originally
i did nothing
she turned you guys on me
all of you
otherwise
why the fuck
would i have madison and casey at my house
hahahaha
hahahah
yeahhhhhh
good point
You know
you fuck
I'm gonna be honest
it was mostly angel
she hated our friendship
you owe me one year of backed friendship
yep
she was a psychopath
she faked illness to get out of high school
and it goddamned worked
REMEMBER
what illness?
I
hahahaha
WAS GOING  TO DATE KELSEY PHILLIPS
LIKE
WHAT
hahahahahaaha
to make up for 8th grade
I'll haunt you for a year after I die
okay thank you
you are forgiven
*blessed*
dr ice cream bar and his paper lab coat/cape
what
my oce cream bar
ice
omg
hahahahah
omg
please
for me
use
looks like a super doctor
zim's dad
use the word "debut" in a sentnece
dr membrane
dibs
not zums
becks debut album, mellow gold, is the best ablum ever recorded
ablum hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
I can not stop laughing at the word
And I've officially listen to everything he's ever recorded enough, to the point where I can agree
That is a good god damn album
YES THANK YOU OMG WE CAN FINALLY COMPLETE THE FRIENDSHIP CEREMONY
this is like spiritual friendship consummation
like nothing meant anything
until I was into beck
hahahahaha
have you heard
stereopathetic soulmanure?
today yes
golden feelings?
one foot in the grave?
I think and yes definitely
What is this
what's going on
what're you doing
WHAT IS THIS
hahahaha
chris asked
because hes heard it all
hes the beckspert
I probably haven't
Just MOST
omg
beckspert
are you serious
hahahahaha
you continue to make up words
its in the becktionary, im sure
you're the crowned champion of the neologism
*teen girl "ombres" her hair*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
#kony2012!!!!!!!!!
my name is ej
i was the first to judge man
i cannot stop laughing
*i am legend
you're*
yes
hahahahaha
dude what did I say on your fb the other day
I said something
and then In response
to you
i said
" i am legend "
hahahahaha
you did
i lost it
hahahahaha
my house is so clean man
could I eat guac of the floor????
yes
i bleached oit
it
i look forward to letting your neighbors dog piss and shit on it
the chinese ones
i live next to fucking
leslie chow
HAHA WHAT
from the hangover
OMG
HAHAHA
my chinese across the street neighbors
have dogs
HAHAHA
i swear
I KNOW
we heard screaming last night
opened the door
they were yelling
in mandarin
HAHAHAHA
OMG I LOVE THAT SO MUCH
THEY WERE YELLING IN MANDARIN
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH
*Yells so hard in chinese dialects*
STAHP
*beans come out of mouth*
hahaahahahahaha
i just imagine
the beans coming out
with a word coming out of the nmouth, comic book style
hahahahahahahahahahahaahahhaahhahahahahaahahahaha
the font is trangled
YES
strangled looking
THATS EXACTLY IT
and it says
YES
YOUVE CAPTURE IT
"BEEEEEEEEANSSSSS
B
hahahahahahahahahaha
YESYES
the weird part: they're always cooked
yes
theyre kidney beans
So hot that his mouth just has to eject them
yes
theres like
a weird red liquid too
hahahaha
the bean aura
yes
that exists in the pot
when you cook them
the words are coming out black with a green speach bubble
inside me
speech
BEAN AURA
CHICKEN AURA
beans from even stevens coming out of my mouth
BLARGHHH
AHHH GOD
BLARGHHHH YAHHH BLARHHHHH
YAIIIII AMMMMM
gAWWWWWWWDDDd
BLARGH UA HHHHHH
*patches emerges*
omg
hes got the downs
hahahahahaha
MOTHER OF ELOHIM
i hate
that elohim
is
my hole
backwards
well
phonetically
ME HOLE
HAHAHAHAHAHA
its irish
for
"my hole"
hahahahhahhaha
elohim cuff
it's like racecar
cysts
what
hahahaha
man
chris is watching cosmos
and for some reason
i cant get into it
I'll tell you why
and this will make so much sense
I can't get into it anymore either
basically
Cosmos is a theatrical display of the science education we recieved in 1st-10th grade. It's not news. It's really boring shit, with some, and I mean SOME, fancy details that we haven't heard, but nothing really that interesting. The visuals can only keep you interested for so long
Like, we know what photosynthesis is, we don't need a fake factory in a plant  to explain that with neil degrasse tyson flying everywhere
It's "COOL" but it isn't interesting
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YOU NAILED IT
the idea is to edcuate people about science. I've even heard in interviews that the science is basically no higher than 9th grade
I love the illustrations though
its very basic science for idiots
im too smart for cosmos
what
you are
and yes
that was the hwole basis for the project
HAVE YOU SEEN NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON SLOWED DOWN TALKING ABOUT SCIENCE
he sounds like he's blazed out of his mind
it's the weirdest video Iv'e ever seen
I wish I had that little device that he rides around on
like it can shrink and shit
and go anywhere
HAHAHAHAHAHA
right now
INSIDE
he is explaining photo synthesis
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
IS THERE A TINY FACTORY
yes
omg
hahahahahahaha
hahah what
its funny you said it
and i saw it
like that
bam
HAHA
right
He does have a nice soothing voice though
OTHER THAN
HE SAYS WARTER
SO MUCH
NOT WATER
BUT WARTER
STUPID NEW YORKER
IT DRIVES ME INSANE WHEN PEOPLE SAY WARTER
OMFG ME FUCKING TOO
I HATE IT
like
MORE THAN I SHOULD
either you're really far from the south, or really far from the north
either way
ITS GOD DAMN ANNOYING
vibrating intestines
salt beams
ok
if you were to imagine me sayign somwthing
if we were talking
would I be 13/14?
in said thought
because if I imagine you saying something on the other end of the computer
you are like 13 in the thought
hahahaha and I just realized how odd this is
yes
i hear you
as a child
hahahahahaha
pre teen
pre teenaged
before all of the vaping
yes
the VAPELYFE
dude
my two mods
i have TWO
are so sick
one looks like exeter p blue
you aren't even modest
hahaha
its blue and silver
you're braggy
VAPE VAPE VAPE
well
I have an old hairbrush with some kind of wax in it
its not really bragging
when its only like
50 dollars
lol
what should i watch
help
HELP
ok
HELP
help
calm down
HelP
helP
internet pornography
haahahahahahah
hahahahahahahahaah
jesus christ super star
chris is just looking at me laughing to myself
hahahahaha
christina
christina
christina
teresa?
KEVIN?
keith
kieth
keith
"Kevin?"
kieth
keith
kieth
kars
lars
the mummy from 'the mummy'
i was in love with him
asa child
as a child i had huge crushes
on movie monster men
the villains
is that normal?
oh you're so edgy and different
oh psychological
praise mummy
darth maul was IT for a long time
hahahahaha
OK
imhotep
DARTH MAUL
understandable
is the mummy's name
hahahahahhaah
he is played by...
you're a freak
you loved him
lars vulu? or something?
hahahahahahhahahaahha
shut up
stop alienating me
im a freak
noooooo
i typed that on google
and it said
hahahahah
it said
did you mean
lars vascular
hahahahahahah
im dying
is it worse to be laughing like a mad man i nthe presence of others
or lanone
HAHAHA
LANANONE
dut
arnold
vosloo
lalalalanone
such corn
i got magnets
chris put magnets
in the shaft
of my mod
what
oh
hahahahahahahahahhahha
ahahahahahhhahahhaahhaaha
fucking magnet
how do work
jesus god
i love that w eboth ridicule and admire the icp thing
hahahahaha
Cochella is fine for casual encounters, but I met both of my wives at the gathering of the juggalos
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
IM CACKLING
Weed: The Silent Killer 
(unless it's in a "bong" [water pipe], in which case it makes a tell-tale "burbling" sound)
HAHAHAHAHAHA
omg
dude
google a video
ok
of new calendonia
caledonia
its beautiful
when you become a rich doctor
and i am a fairly reknowled breeder
i cant spell
anyways
help me move to new caledonia
who the fuck cares
and you can vacation with us
I would live there if there was a hospital
hahahahaha
god damn
im going to send you a video in a minute
ok
and you will want to live there
okay?
K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRRvpPY72KY#t=186
this is all filmed in new caledonia
get it?
I honestly don't
ahaha
no i mean
did you get the video
Yes
what dont you understand about this
am watching
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
I THOUGHT
I THOUGHT
THERE WAS A HIDDEN MEANING
BY YOUR PHRASING
THAT I MISINTERPRETED
....;
i just want you to see the beautiful gecko place
and if i dont live there before i die
i will not have fulfilled my destiny
your destiny
it is
you know it is
just like yours is
i dont know
hahahaha
mushing your fingers into organs
I don't even want that
just brain
lets be honest with ourselves
likely tiny rat brains
I will likely die alone
hahahahahaha
hahahaha
SHUT UP
you will never die alone
because
*queue "i will be there"*
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHH
*queue
yes
I wish I was in view of a window
i made it play
hahahahahaha
what
I want to see the eclipse
there is a total lunar eclipse tonight
spirits
spirits
spirits
spirits
DUDE
cloaca
JOSH LIT-R-ALLY JUST SAID
THERE IS AN ECLIPSE TONIGHT
cloaca?
There is
the eclipse did it
Did what?
made you both say the same thing
the stars
THEYRE ALIGNING
ITS HAPPPENING
OH ITS HAPPENING
my body in convulsing, my bladder is filled with slime. i dont want any help
SPILL SLIME
RELEIF
LEIF
i can not breathe
hahahahahahaha
"a haunting in Connecticut"
i havent seen that
what
you knwo who bothers me
jennifer lawrance
she clogggs buzfeed
with her filth
i agree
she is a nice person
but
no one cares anymore
get out
today i saw
on buzzffeed
something that us airlines tweeted at a customer
and it made me cry
I SAW THAT
MOVIE MIKE SENT IT TO ME
with his cloaca
cloaca
the worst thing is when
the cloaca spits
poop
on you
*spit*
and then recieves a sex dick
*no*
we are
children
hahahahahaha
i dont care
BLOOD MOOOOOONZ
*4* OF TH3M
PREPARE
*TO THE DEATH*
look unto this moon
for it is my body, which is blood for you
unto
you
duh
you spill the blood
on the bodies
then mop it up
twist it out in the chalace
(you know what i mean)
uhh huhh
yep
uhhh, yeah. ok I like it like that, she working that back, I don't know how to act,
*raps*
i cannit breathe
I love twisting the mop
CRACK ATTACK
*BREAK IT DOWN*
I fill like I'm juicinga fruit
the ripest of fruits
watch hannibal
with creme hen
hahahahah
pesto creme hen
im reduced to watching old family guy
to fill my time
god
I mean
elohim
sorry the mormon god
is god a mormon
i think elohim is seperate
princess leia
chris' mom gave him a family guy shirt with chris griffin on it throwing up the horns and it said "fight the machine"
it was brand new, threw it away yesterday
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHA
I CANT BREATHE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
MY FLESH IS BURNING I AM LAUGHING SO HARD I AM PENTETRATING THE SPACETIME CONTINUUM I AM NOW INSIDE OF EVERYONES STOMACH
ALL SIX BILLION OF MY BODIES ARE BURNING IN HYDROCHLORIC ACID AND MCRIBS
why
just
thats so unfortunate
im sorry
it's okay
i forgive you!
#we're #OK!!!!
*thumbs up*
let's color
we should omg
hahahaha
I was joking
you piece of human garbage
HAHAHAHA
what the fuck is wrong with you
i hate you
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
I enjoy coloring though
"no lie" 
*ballin*
i remember the first time i colored
i think it was the first
hahahaahaha
i chose the black crayon
OKKKK
HAHAHAHA
and i was coloring in a picture of a little cartoon kid
and i just
scribblefd
i only remember because
my mom was telling me about how one day she would teach be to color inside the lines
also i dont know why i chose black
thats dumb
haha
so edgy
explains how you became a gothic-emo in latter-teen
latter-teen
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
im going to watch the office on my laptop now because chris refuses to stop playingon FB with gecko genus guessing and PLAY SOMETHING
HAHAHAHA
yep
a regular night
haha
season 4 episode 11
go
"ah"
AMAZONS
do you have magical powers
HE'S A REGULAR BANKING WIZARD
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING THAT
hahahaha
For watching what?
I didn't watch anything hajaja
that epsidoe
oh jesus
hahahahahaa
Oh I just knew it
Yes
Hahahahahaha
thats incredible
its my bed time now
good bye friend
Me too
goodbye
im taking a quiz to see what kind of best friend duo we are
and im taking the questions way too seriously
you do ithttp://www.buzzfeed.com/kimberlywang/which-movie-bffs-are-you-and-your-best-friend
I can in like 20
i got that we are keenan and kel from good burger
hahahaha
i need to see if you get the same or different
HAHAHAHAHA
You shouldn't have told me that
I might answer to get that result
Or are the questions not super specific
they arent
Buzzfeed quizzes are ofteb predictable haha
Oh ok
this one isnt
hahaha
Bella asked me what I was getting for lunch
I said human meat
HAHAHA
tell her
a vegan buffalo burger
She would also be grossed out by that
Nice try
Hahahaha
You would predict not though
i mean it just sounds ridiculous
hahaha
It does
tell me again when youre coming home
28th
of this month?!?!?!
Yes
AWESOME WOOOOO
Cradle of filth
hahahahaha
YES
nan
im ahcited
today
my psych professor said
"next time we're going into sexual disorders...this will include paraphilias"
what is that
a  fear of an erection
or something
hahahaha
seriously chris just brought up the fucking hiking thing again
no dude It's like pedophilia
and like
obsessions with fucking objects
ewwww
and old women with diseases
hahahahaha
like the airplane in the vag
nooooo
GO ON A HIKE
its SNOWING
that's right
We've angered elohim
being forced to do things makes me hate them
we must perform a blood ritual
that will fix your problem
im getting really angry about thisd
ok ok
Well think of this
i dont want to go on a fucking hike
NOT today
of course
BUT
he made sacrifices for you recently
he says "ive been trying to get you to go since the last time we went"
And don't say he didn't. He grew up about a lot of things. I think you should go hiking with him, at least once.
might be easy for him to spend a day doing nothing in the woods, when he has THREE DAYS OFF, and i basically get zero days off, because im babysitting him or taking care of other bullshit
he sits in the house in his pajamas all day
my mom used to make me go hiking
and hes putting himself in the place to get a lot of hatred right now
im sure hes reading this
Well I understand why you don't want to
but at some point consider it
I don't think you should have to, though
Your thoughts on this are valid
He's considered what you want recently. I think you're displacing your anger about something else on to hiking. It can't just be about hiking. That's a very small detail right?
IT WAS SO HOT ON SUNDAY
HE KNOWS THAT I GET ILL WHEN I GET TOO HOT
Like I said
it's not about you no doing it on a certain day
it's about planning to at some point
of coutse sunday and today are NOT good days
like
no
but another time
try
i dont like planning to go hiking
because then if it doesnt happen
i hear about it for a week
at least
i feel like a piece of shit
i am selfish
he says i spend all our money and hes only working to live
and that he just wants to get a real career already so he can actually have things
That's what this is about
it's not about the hiking for either of you.
Forget about the hiking and talk about this with him. Try and resolve his insecurities
oh god
"I'm just saying if I ever want to go do something for myself, I'll have to do it alone. 2:42 PM 
Which im used to.  2:42 PM 
Nobody's ever really wanted to do anything with me,. 
"
what do i even
Just tell him that's not true. Say, just because I don't want to go hiking doesn't mean I don't want to do something with you. Let's figure out something we could both agree upon together that we would both enjoy.
let me try that
and then ill show you the sarcasm drenched answer i recieve
ok
he said
"theres just nothing else to do"
now hes pissed me off royally
ask him what that means?
or tell him it isn't true.
You're letting his neurosis get to you.
you can't.
he will not put the effort that i put into fixing a problem or an argument
it's not exactly him.
he gives up and makes me do the work
Ok
well
is that relavent to this discussion?
or are you just lashing out?
Focus on what's going on right now.
take it one step at a time.
im just so angry
that im tearing up
Try not to
take a deep breathe
It's obvious that you're angry
and solving problems when you're angry doesn't work
it's emotionally fueled
so try and relax
im trying
i just dont even know what to say
why is the relationship this hard
why do we fight so much now
we didnt used to, ever
he says that its because we never go outside
and we just work all day and then watch shitty tv
and our hobby has now become work
now he says"there is no joy in this life"
It's because he's incredibly depressed
its because of me though
that sounds like someone who's incredibly depressed
no it's not.
i feel like i make him feel even worse
im just lazy
No.
You are not the reason he is depressed. It's obvious from the way he speaks to you.
You can't cause the depression of otehrs.
Don't blame yourself.
he says the problem is that he doesnt know how to say no or stand up for himself
i dont understand
Listen
He's just jumping from self blame in one area to self blame in another
none of it is relevant
none of it applies
because it's just "automatic thinking"
that makes sense
So don't try and MAKE sense of it. There is none. Just let him say it to you. It proabably makes him feel better just ot be heard.
i think i know what the actual issues are
so im addressing those now
trying to be productive
Good
i get upset when he wants to go buy juice or when he wants to go to the vape shop
i dont know why
but
i hate vaping
i like it for me
but the whole trend of it
makes me sick
i hate spending money on juice as well
thats why he gets mad
because i buy the animals and i bitch when he wants juice
I understand. Okay. He says "no one wants to do anything with him" because you buy animals but condemn what he likes. That's an automatic thought for sure. but it's very internal, the global issue is he wants his interests recognized as much as yours, but he interpreted it as a kind of "no one loves me" type deal
i mean its not like he shows interest in my geckos anymore
even though he started that
That's okay. He doesn't have to like geckos. But it makes sense that it bothers you that he started the whole thing and is backing away. The point is, YOU'RE really into that.
im so tired of these dumb fights
caused by money
Money is the root of all evil. There will always be fights about it.
But the fight isn't about money. It's about his reaction to what he perceives as his needs not being met.
i dont even think i can handle it on that level right now haha
i just need him to be happy
so i can kind of get a grip
I get that
I mean
The goal is for both of you to be happy
but you're overwhelmed
you can't be responsible for his happiness and yours
and that's how you feel.
responsible.
But, you aren't.
i thinkhes stressed about the car
because ive been stressing about it
i told him we can buy his stuff and then after the show, i can just use some show money to hold us over until next check
and hes all concerned about the show money not all going to the car
but i can buy a car with a smaller down payment
Is he okay with this plan?
i guess
he sent me a stupid beevis butthead retaRD CARTOON MEME
i hate that show
I think it's funny sometimes you know when a friend talks about it
(lol)
hahaha
i just
dont get the show
its SO DUMB
it's funny if you're high
that's one thing I found to be true
hahahaha
maybe thats the appeal
It has to be
when chris and josh BOTH send me the terrible beevis meme -.-
oh dear go
*mormon god
hahaa
dude I need a nap so bad
do you know what I mean
you jsut
REQUIRE NAPS
yes
i do know what you mean
and they are required
but I'll just end up going to bed too late tonight and hating myself
HAHA
i do the same thing
every time
so i avoid naps
unless im dying tired
haha
i feel like the people in "naked and afraid"
its so cold
and im so hungry
hahaha
HAHAHA
I had too much coffee this morning
and I feel so bad
but I have so much to do
so I'm fighting
(with my hands)
here look at dis
http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/the-most-cringeworthy-things-that-have-ever-happened
oh my god
my face when I'm moaning
#pleasure
oh my god
hahahahahahahaahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT EVEN
who posts photos like that
im dying laughing
hahaha
dude
some bitch on my fb feed
DRESSED UP FOR THE MAGICAL BLOOD MOONS
she poured blood all over her hair
im dying at "my brother has the softest lips ever"
dying
THE CHEESE DRESS BAHAHAHAHAHA
that was provocative
it was
hahahahah
omg i just got to the my face when im moaning #PLEASURE
i thought you made that up
hahahahahaah
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
NOPE
I understnad why though
ahhaa
i once made a woman orgasm by doing nothing more than singing to her
hahahahahahahaa
I am a sex attic
hahahaha
youre like a dad to me
haaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahaha
number 27
i just flip cop cars off automaticaly
hahahahahahaha
LIKE
WHAT
reminds me of something josh would do
maybe not say
maybe say
hahahahahaha
chris was like, hwy is he so loud?  there was a nice hipster couple sitting next to us and josh is yelling "cocksucker" the whole time
hahahahahaha
Wow
I truly could not be around that kind of behavior
i mean
lol
it was tricky fish
he wasnt yelling
hes just
loud
But why was he saying it?
those people could have moved, the place was empty
he was calling someone that
he just said lots of loud things
hahaha
That's just so childish...I'm not judging...I just don't get a 36 year old man comedically mumbling cock sucker out of anger
hahaha
it just sounds
ODD
well I guess I am judging
hahahaha
youre totally judging
but
youre right
its not something i agree with
but it is something i enjoy watching
hahaha
if he was our age it would be weird but like...not as weird...
if that makes sense
hahaha
the other day, clint casto asked josh how old he was
and he was like"..........36......"
as quietly as possible
HAHAHAAHAHAHA
i thought he was going to lie
i really did
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
.....3........................s.........si............36.....
yes
hahahahaha
like
he hesitated for TOO long
i think he was wondering
if i would call him out
or
if he could handle the mebarrassment of me knowing he was lying about his age
i guess he couldnt handle it
hahaha
dying of laughter http://www.buzzfeed.com/erinp12/20-creepiest-most-bizarre-moments-from-the-last-6fts
http://www.buzzfeed.com/adamdavis/things-only-perpetually-tired-people-will-understand
i had too much coffee this morning
and I feel like CRAP
i know that feeling
its seriously
the worst
palms are sweaty
knees weak
moms spaghetti
Head hurts
Impending doom
HAHAHAHHA
hahahahaha
i have to
every time
I'm having mom's egg salad sandwich and lots of mom's water
Maybe that will mom
hahahahahahaa
mom
matts so excited about the show
what time does it start again?
9 AM haha
i wont be at a table either
i can walk him around
bet your ass that's when he'll be there
hahahaha
he's an early riser
i am too hahaha its going to be twice the size of last time
we'll need the civic center for the next show
damn
really?
yea dude
shits cray
My mom was telling me earlier about her coworkers "customized vaporizer."
"It's kind of pretty."
 I love life sometimes
hahahahaha
yes
*cackles like crow from black and white cartoon*
Good night
Haste
i have a pretzel chip shard
stuck in my gumline
what do i do
Extract it
hahahahaahahaha
http://www.vice.com/read/name-that-horrifying-disease?utm_source=vicefbus
What the FUCK
take the quiz lol
I can't on my phone I will in a biy
the syphilis is the worst
hahahahaha
SWEET JESUS
hahahahahaha
That and the one where things are coming out of that man's mouth hole
hahahaha
the scales coming out of that dudes hands
"Cancer"
blech
those images
are almost as bad as photos
hahaha
Totally just saw what could only be an "enema kit" in the library bathroom with evidence that one was performed
oh my god
hahahahahahaha
It's true
There was one of those...tube things with an end piece....it was...dirty
dude thats nasty
hahahaha
and weird as hell
I can't even have this conversation
I'm eating in public now
hahahahahaha
Some asshole gave me a fucking sugar fairy chai tea latte instead of "plane iced latte, small" and I already drank from it. I'm becoming a white girl and my thirst and energy are not restored
SUGAR FAIRY CHAI LATTE
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Seriously
jesus god thats the funniest thing ever
hahahaha
That's how much I had coffee dessert drinks
Hate*
so chris and i are talking about travis
Okkkkkk haha
and we think he has been lying for weeks about a gastrointestinal thing to get out of work/feeding his snakes/paying us for said snake housing
because he seriously messaged chris this morning
and told him
he woke up and farted diarrhea
Again
Eating
Public
Hahahaha
Why would he say that to hin
M
im sorry!
i forgot
hahahahaha
hes always talking about his bowel movements.  he'll be messaging me at work and be like "brb, gotta go take a shit"
im like WHY
He's never payed you
Has he?
we had to have him pay us in substance
because he has no money
so i guess ill sell this
Theb why does he even have a god damn animal if he basically can't take care if it hahaha
Basically is the key word here
this is what i say to chris
every day
Like
Why can't he keep it
his parents
...oh
Ok
Hm
Well
he keeps thinking hes going to get an apartment...he keeps saying "this next check we're gonna pull the trigger on an apartment" AS IF THATS HOW THAT EVEN WORKS HE IS SO DUMB IT HURTS
I feel like he's a "user"
Know what I mean?
Not like an evil person
But he takes advat5
yes
he does
and i like travis
but he does take advantage of us
I mean, obviously haha
i keep trying to tell EVERYONE
people only treat you how you let them
and chris doesnt get it
as long as travis is not being told "no", he will keep pushing
to see what he can get away with
Right
That just seems to be his nature
I've met thr guy. He's JUST likeable enough to get away with this stuff. Until you are like "no" in which case I'm sure he'd be fine
exactly, he's a libra, it's a similar trait to me when im being a dick.
hahaha
and i know when im doing it
but someone needs to tell him no, and chris wont
and i dont want to
but i have put him in his place before
lolol
Just do it
Do it
5
4
3
2
dont you count at me
1
DONT DO IT
Go
NOOOOOO
Donit
Do it now
hahaha hes not here
DO IT NOW MICHAEL
Make me manager
HAHAHA
nan
When I was the enema kit
hahahahaha
you were never
ever
an enema kit
nan
That's right
I mispoke
I vote
That you talk to travis
nan
hahaha
i will when he gets in probably
chris has already talked to him
but i think i get through to travis better
travis knows he can manipulate chris
he also knows im a scary bitch when you cross me
lol
" he also knows im a scary bitch when you cross me. Lol"
You sound like a true teen
im going to murder you
the difference between me
and a #trueteen
is i currently control an entire job market
so
haha
i can actually fuck shit up
I lied
You sounded more like a Facebook user than a teen
im not letting you push my buttons, not this day, on this planet, nope
Hahahahaha
Okay
Sometimes I wish that I could speak an Asian language
And then I'm like
There are 33000 twenty year Olds wearing fedoras who already can
And i no longer feel the need
exactly
just grab one of them, they will rejoice at your attention, and make them translate for you.  you will both a) be understood and b ) have given the neckbeard a meaning to life
I will then grind them into a paste in smoke them in my custom mod
-.-
you are now a vapist
you talk about it more than i do
Haha
Because I think it's hilarious
Like the concept
Not the act of it
Just conceptually it's so strange
it is, thats why i hate the vaping community
i like pretty things, and i like not smoking
i can combine the two in a vaporizer
but i dont give a shit about the technical stuff
I do as well lolol
Which are both good
But like the very fact
That a substitute medium for smokers
Has created a sub culture
Is so hilarious I often can't breathe
Like I said...its the concept of it app
All
I blame my hands
your stupid fucking hands michael
WHY THESE HANDS
I'm going to learn to weave baskets with my feet
And forget all about my hands
Wait
I don't even do that with my hands
What a useless trade
Because I am computron
COMPUTRON
i gotta do work now
ill message you back if it slows down
people keep messaging me about the show
gahhhh
haha
Repost if you agree my wife made a GRIEVOUS ERROR in "forgetting" to feed my snakes while I was in Tahoe w/ my men's group
hahahahahaha
what is that
my plea
hahahahahaha
that sounds like something i would see on my feed
any day of the week
I just posted the funniest comment
on your post
I love myself
oh god
HAHA
youre so
left field
hahahahahaha
I thought it was clever
AND IT WAS
it definitely was
lol
AND THE MASSES GATHER AND THEY laugh AND LAUGH AS THEY DANCE AROUND ME.
okay
well then that required none of what I just said.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
do you enjoy my vernacular
stati
is that even a word
i like that word
I like any word that similar to that
octopi
cacti
patchi
apache
old gloves
hahahaha
an expired creamsicle with a tooth stuck in it
torn leather
cloaca
cloaca
cloaca
i love that word
its like
hahahahahah
right
the less vulgar form of a vagina
because it literally is less gross
hahahahaha
please look at what I just posted on the ghost adventure guys wall
link me
loloolol
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Zac-Bagans/231245423581067
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
that page looks dead though
find a newer one
that's why I posted it
it's CLEARLY dead
hahahaha
the last post
was
video from 2012 of cod BLACK OPS
-love genie
jesus christ hahahaha
stop saying that
you're the reason women get paid less
*the hostile liberal*
I'm doing characters, now.
HAHA
JESUS CHRIST "HAHAHAHA"
shut up I don't care
*the analytical college student*
*joshing so hard*
BAHA
nice
wanna get lunch
*doesn't show up*
beer# and frie
i am the walrus
the ambien walrus
hahaha
that comment was pretty transparently aimed at you
THE AMBIEN WALRUS
youre mean
brunch is fun
no one likes me
I don't get brunch but I honestly don't care if you enjoy it.
That was my *secret* way of letting chris know I'm still his friend, because you said he probably reads all our conversations hahaha
TBH that photo of the brunch with the eggs and the alcohol looks SO GOOD imo tho right LMAO!!!!
HAHAHAHAHA
i like brunch
only because
seriously it sounds good
haha
ITS THE ONLY ADULT THING I EVEN GET TO DO
ADULTS GO TO BRUNCH
WITH COWORKERS
IT MAKES ME FEEL ADULT
"you've *owned* that emotion hunter! You have the *godess (yes)* given RIGHT to go and enjoy those with you!!!"

-dr barb
i still want to try tacobreakfast
hahahahahha dr barb
That's my third character today
I incorporated the hostile liberal by claiming god could be a woman
I need to work all three in to one
I'll think on that.
man
these characters need names
besides dr barb
well one is josh
one is josh? hahahahaha
yes
one is doctor barb
(god hahaha)
and we've got
OH GOD
remember when I absolutely hated
when people would say
"we've got" and then list things
that was my weirdest quirk of all time
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
particularly in their fridge when you were on the phone
because
you didn't "both" have it
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
I JUST REMEMBERED HOW FUCKING WEIRD I AM
like
two people looking in their fridges
both of them
naming
what they have
hahaha
in their *respective* fridges
hahahahahahahahahaha
hahahahahahahhaha
hahahahah
hahaha
haha
ha
h
*poof*
i dont know if i can laugh at you
or i might disappear too
*lauhelpghter*
say something serious
I am have grand mal seizures
my body is convulsing
I can't breathe
steven hawking is typing this for me
dog
I had a bad reaction to something you said
IM SO SORRY
THAT WAS A BAD CHOICE
help me
genocide
HAH * *
rape
murder
ok
child porn
OH COME ON
HAHAHAHAH
* *
HAHAHAHAHAHA
*
FUCK YOU
INDIVIDUALLY
THOSE THINGS ARENT FUNNY
IN A LIST
A LIST OF AWFUL THINGS
YES
THAT'S FUNNY
im going to make lists
and leave them around you
when you get here
just
around
HAHAHAHHAHA
Thye must begin with
"we've got"
"well, we've got"
so I can read them
then vape them
*gone*
vay-poo-rize
"two of my fingers have been numb for the past hour. Is it time to worry"
I just recieved this
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHA
bella has the pulsy
seriously?
idk
but she was working with a fire torch earlier
and now can't feel her thumbs
I don't know if she's connected the two events yet
oh well
but
no shit then
hhahahaha
HAHAHAHA
SHE HAS NEUROPATHY SHE WILL NEVER FEEL AGAIN
you dont know if shes made the mental connection
im sorry
thats so funny
nope
she just said so
WHEW
HAHAHA
we mighta had a retahd on our hands
i dont know why
that accent
is just something i picked up
the boston-y thing
no it's not
you often use it
it is bostonian
fuck you
I have no family from there
dhow often do i talk like that?
hahahahaha
like when you want to emphasize something silly
we've had a discussion about it
wait...why do i use so many voices
you were doping on pot
WHAT IS MY REAL VOICE
so it's unlikely you remember
*today, I've lost a friend to pot*
HAHAHAHA
420no
i cackled over that
heyyy 4/20 is the day after the reptile expo, and its easter, and my friend kristen will be in from SC with her gecko jewelry and i just learned that she wants to get #turnt on #420
turn down for pot
turn up for christ
*cheetah*
*our savior*
this burrito is my body
which is broken for you
and this beverage
is the fluid from my spine
it will replenish you
ewwwww
its called
dont tell my
dont
I won't.
dont tell me
hahaha
im thinking
HARD
IT'S NOT THE SAME TO SAY DONT TELL ME ONLINE
IT ONLY HAS AN EFFECT IN PERSON
We've got
c-
there are several terms floating around in my head
subarachnid
for some reason
That is the closest layer to it
cerebro-
okay
hold on
cerebrospinal
?
fluid
yes.
YESYESYES
i retained something from high school
*yippee*
*you've one replenishment*
won*
omg
HAHAHAHAHA
hahahah
TEST ME
christ jesus
*hunter decided to clock out for lunch at 5 PM*
james blunt voice
*ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass*
send me an e card
you no longerhave to tell bella that shes beautiful
just say
james blunt voice
and she'll know
HHAHAHAHAAHHAHA
SHELL KNOW
SHELL JUST KNOW
better yet
"james blunt"
i mean, i heard it in my head
hahahahaha
"blunt"
pot
weed
james vape
hey do me a #fave
O#k
check this link out and tell me if its worth watching
http://scgnews.com/bundy-ranch-what-youre-not-being-told
because im at work
and cant just watch things willy nilly
lolol
actually i dont care
thought it was about aliens
its about real life stuff
I know you did
no longer interesting
it's about something environmental
FRACKING
I'M GOING TO FRACK YOU TO DEATH
FRACK
FRACK
FRACK
*click click boom*
Saliva
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
CLICK
CLICK
BOOM
i know you member that
of course
it was used in
telladega knights: the ballad of ricky bobby
*talla
i dont know
lol
yep
talls vegas nights: the ballad of rick santorum
close!
talls vegas
im dying
youre like motherfucking
steve drule
you are dr
steve brule
how will you even practice medicine
hahahahahah
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I'm constantly walking around campus
thinking of ridiculous shit that's so funny
that I can't say
but the laughter is real
I'm glad there are so many people here
because I would not want to be me in a small area
(insane)
OMG
REMEMBER WHEN
*dr. steve brule*
calls random people "doctor" just because he calls himself doctor
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
yes
hahahaha
he just throws around the term
like
"mr"
HAHAHA
and the name is rarely corrext
I'm thinking of when he 's interviewing that minister guy
and his name is like ron
and he calls him like
dr calliope smith
and then claims he is jesus christ
because he has never sinned
I can't breathe
HAHAHAHAHA
prupets come from marinara
Ms Sullivan I have very bad news if you're expecting a boy. I have very good news if you're expecting millions of spiders.

Cheers,

-Dr barb
OMG
HAHAHHAHAAH
BAHAHAHAHAHA
HJAHAHAHAHAHA
I wish there was some use for coming up with trash like that
someone reported this on wv ghost archives hahahah
http://www.wvghosts.com/archives/1435
Hahahahahahahaha
What what what what why
i know lolollol
its nice to know we have panthers here
hahahah
I thought it was my cousin's cat named Midnight. Then I thought again. That thing was too big
HAHAHA
10 feet long
thats nonsense
like
that's so unintersting
i know haha
heres a BETTER one
I THOUGHT IT WAS MIDNIGHT
http://www.wvghosts.com/archives/2223
I didn't even laugh
and I laugh at the word cloaca
that was just so uneventful
hahahaha
my current assignment is to watch these videos of a little girl with schizophrenia
I don't know if I can do it and be mature
I am in a public library
I am afraid
oh god
hahahahahahahaa
and i am a piece of shit human
no youre not
hahahaaha
youre just desensitized by the world and your own experiences
your brother was schizophrenic
You're right
so you have a biased view
I'm allowed to laugh god damn it
FUCK EVERYONE
I WILL LAUGH
yep
fuck em all
*fucks everyone*
hahahahahaha
omg
omg
her father
is talking about
"FOUR HUNDRED, the cat"
and she is plying with "him"
and the dad goes
OH HONEY YOU NEED SOME *THORAZINE*
HAHAHAHAHA
what the hell
hahahahahaa
im thinking about attempting to bleach my huge mass of evil black hair
because summer is too hot for black hair
lol
It will fry your hair
well, i know that
but
when i put color BACK IN, like whatever colors i choose
butts
it kind of unfries it
plus i condition a lot
lol
I have only been washing my hair every three days
because it's so straight, that I can't comb it out of my face
so It has to be greasy
ew
use dry shampoo
dummy
Then my hair will be clean again
and I can't comb it to look normally
no no
it doesnt make your hair "fresh out da shower" clean
ok explain how this works
it just absorbs oil
some of the oil
not all
it still needs washed lol
but if you use it
OILS
like the night before
it will absorb oil as you sleep, and you hair will be perfect
voluminous
ariel thinks inbreeding caused axanthics
not the wild
dammit
youre not chris
caused what
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
axanthic
look it up
you look it up
YOU don't know
I do
liar
truther
HAHAHAHAHA
that's not a joke
whatevs.
ariel thinks inbreeding caused axanthics
not the wild
dammnit
-.-
you're not joe
I wish I could have thought of a better name
i hate joe
joe is spit
joe is lies
joe is thighs
joe is ties
joe is buys
joe cries
joe is high
joe can fly
so I can
joe is the worst. i hate joe. he is a faggot jesus lover cocksucking youth pastor.
with a goatee
YOUTH PASTOR
ARE YOU KIDDING
nope
look
https://www.facebook.com/joe.perdue1?fref=ts
the is the face of my hate
who the fuck is that
hahahahahahahahahahahahhaaha
he is a youth pastor
the evil crested gecko people
not the good ones
OH MY GOD
CHRISTIANS
CHRISTIANS ARE EVIL IN THIS SCENARIO
I just had to write a paper defending why early diagnosis of schizophrenia is BAD or GOOD. SUCH RAGE. If matt hadn't been diagnosed he would have gone his whole life thinking he was bipolar and posessed by the devil, nad probably killed himself without the treatment he needed
I WILL FIGHT GOD
AND WIN
fight god
and you will win
when I was young
and was told that the devil was the source of all problems
I literally
challenged him to fights
all the time
in front of my family
as well as alone
he never appeared
and when I asked why he wouldn't fight me
I was told
"it's god's will for him not to fight you"
HAHAHAHAHAA
Not:
"YOURE OUT OF CONTROL MICHAEL"
HAHAHAHAHA
IM DYING
IM DYING
the last episode was when I was like 13
martin must think im insane
13?! hahahaha
tell me
what did you speak to the devil
hahahahahaha
I was like IF YOU'RE REAL FUCKING FIGHT ME
he did not
It was because I was not able to do a skateboard trick
i went inside
and was like
mom
I am no longer a christian because none of this exists
True goddamn story
HAHAHAHAHA
hahahaha
THE SKATEBOARD
TOOK YOUR RELIGION
DEMON SLAB
it did........
DEMON SLAB ON WHEELS
i eventually learned the trick
without the help of YOUR GOD
i am my god
*losing my religion)
*
patches no
sometimes
only this one time patches
but we talked about this
this is the LAT TIME
LAST
for real this time
no going back
this older lady at work
probably 40 or something
400 lbs most likely
sells us weed
anyways
she made me this RIDICULOUS hemp necklace
that is beautiful
and she put my handblown glass eye in it, because it broke off of the last necklace i had
and she found beads that matched it
and wove them
with strands
for free
for a second
I forgot who I was talking to
because I am simultaneously studying
and I saw
"hemp" "beads" glass blown"
*bella*
wait up
does bella actually love her crafting?
yes
then why is her career choice not obvious?
why isnt she studying a skill?
because
wire wrapping, studying rare gems, glass blowing?
she's
well
she's not good enough at it
her professors
they tell her
her work is not as creative as anyone else's
so
I thin kthat may be why
lol
WHAT
does she get graded based on that?
Yes
so youre telling me
on creativity
that this free spirited, smoke weed, skateboard, hippie, tie dye girl
especially in her jewlry making class
is not even good at what she IS?
no
she's better at real thing
s
she's just played into this persona
wait
then who is she actually?
because i guess i dont know real bella
She's what her mother wants her to be
she's still all hippy and what not, but she knows she too smart for fashion
because of her dysfunction with her mom
she plays into what her mom studied
she's afraid not to
what is she good at?
She's good with social sciences. She really likes her psychology course. She's good at biology, memorizing things. She wanted to study marine biology but I think she was pressured into thinking she wasn't smart enough. I could only do so much to help there.
She constantly rises to mediocrity. No one expects anything of her
except me
which can be an issue for some people haha
(people with manipulative parents)
so basically
she has "lee" syndrome
hahaha
Oh my god
Hahahaha
That's
Hahahaha
Omg
yep
the only reason i got out
is because she fixated on lee
because hes the baby
she babied him, and made him her design
and let me struggle
thankfully
That's true
And yep
The ones who struggle end off better
exactly
started from the bottom
now we drake
gotta go home
Hahahaha
*snaps*
i ma having troubles
within myself
with handling
the situations around me
ok
well
what situations
i got so upset, that i stopped feeling any emotion because i dont know how to feel
and i think that i should assess it instead of feel it
chris left me a cute note this morning
so i left him a short and simple, very easy to-do list and a cute note too
and when i got home
he had not done anything
that i asked
and i did not know what to feel
im not even mad
because i cant be
You don't know what emotion is appropriate. This has happened so many times in one way or another that you didnt know what emotion fit the situation. Are you angry? upset? I think you may be feeling confused, because based on the note this morning, there was a notion that he would follow through. However, it's maybe taken you off guard and you're just kind of, "blank."
i think i need to understand that other people do not care
like i do
and thats not their fault
It's not that.
Saying other's care less is ascribing value to feelings, saying one is better than the other
It's more or less what people find most important in their lives.
It's not you and "the rest of the world"
It's you and chris who have different "degrees of importance" placed on different things.
you're thinking "globally" rather than "internally."
Have you discussed this with him?
well i cant really think at all
i just started crying and saying, you must be joking
and then ive just been
blank
since
That is an appropriate response. I'd say you were angry, upset, slightly "unheard," and maybe a little disrespected. How is anyone supposed to respond to such an array of emotions? (Whatever yours may be in this situation, I'm just guessing)
There's so many things you could feel in response to that
based on what I know your expectations to be
that "blankness" might be appropriate
What was his reaction when you confronted him about it?
he just said, im still going to do it
and then he came home and fed the geckos
but
thats not the issue at all
the issue is, the disrespect
I understand that.
It's not the idea of him completing a chore.
It's that you specifically asked for him to do his part, and he ignored it
and after he realized this, he tried to make up for it with something "later." But that undermines you and kind of defeats the point of a note, or entrusting him to do things at all.
Maybe tell him how you feel about that. Just let him know that it isn't about the chore
i feel so blank
that i feel no motivation to discuss it
i have no hunger
i dont know what to do with myself
im just sitting here
i cant decide what to eat
I see.
we have always the same foods. usually this makes me angry.  right now, it is inconvenient, but im not angry, and i dont want it
Here's something that I want you to understand. It's not me criticizing you or analyzing.
okay
60% of dealing with BPD, is actually finding ways to COPE with emotion. You're going from happy to sad at the same rate throughout the day as anyone else, it's just dealing with those transitions that's difficult, which might make it seem more extreme. I know you're feeling blank at the moment, but trying to figure out what to call your emotion in response to chris might help you find ways to deal with what happened.
Rather than saying "I'm blank" or "I feel nothing" try and see if there's something you can call it.
i think right now im kind of over it, but i still need to discuss it with him, and when that happens, the initial emotional will return
emotion
not emotional
Well, you need to prepare yourself FOR that. And prepare yourself for the conversation, like what is the best way to address it. Let's say, you were feeling angry...a rush of anger may cause you to say something that doesn't help what you're trying to address. So maybe try and figure out what you want to say to him beforehand so it doesn't happen on impulse.
I mean obviously, this isn't a one time occurrence. So a real conversation needs to be had.
"chris, i feel hurt and disrespected because you ignored the note i left for you, when you had all day off of work, and you promised you would do these things.  i even made the gecko food before i left work so you would have to. i spend every day I have off cleaning or running errands, and I feel like you are not pulling the amount of weight that I am"
i put thought into that
lol
That's very clear.
he gave me marijuana and made me stop caring
dammit to hell
he foiled me
ill have to have this conversation
later
That's not okay. hahahaaha
but yes, you have to have it
he was like, here, and handed me the bowl
like
"this makes hunter stop being a bitch"
Ok
well it could be that. that's your first thought
but, could it be him trying to compensate, out of guilt?
true
could be either
or maybe just a gesture
In reality, it might just be him being nice because he never realized he had done something to bother you
*enjoy*
i think he realized he fucked up
when he told me
he had done nothing
and i didnt start cussing and yelling
i was flabbergasted
and started crying
That makes sense.
Will that at least inspire him to listen next time? I mean, that obviously wasn't pleasant
maybe
i dont know
i feel like the talk is required
It is.
but i almost dont want to have it
because he may have realized
I know.
but still, just for clearity
yea
it needs to be daid
youre right
you can't just assume he knows based on perceived actions
he still MAY not
*friend interjection*
*he should have just done that shit*
i asked him to take pictures of a gecko's belly because he may be egg bound, to send to ron tremper, who FOUND the TREMPER albino strain in leopard geckos, and I needed his help, and he didn't do it
But just now I asked, and he did it without hesitation
One of two things is happening
1) he is acting based on guilt
or 2) he is one of those people who's more responsive when you're in their face saying DO THIS. Some people are responsive to that beest
i had to help him with it, and afterwards, he just thanked me
guilt
That's actually better than the second one
haha
because that can be changed
yes
true
my sister falls in to group two
lacks the attention span to follow through on anything unless you put it in her face
lol
hahaha
well i mean
its like
he just does not care
it doesnt bother him when things arent taken care of
OR
he is just lazy
i dont know whichj
That's true.
but what is also true, is it doesn't matter the why, the what matters
whether he's doing it or not
in some cases, psychoanalyzing everyone's reasoning makes it harder
haha
It's more or less "do this" 
"why haven't you been doing it"
"you don't have to apologize, just tell me you'll do it"
It's super straightforward kind of conflict resolution
oh so, like, just fucking do it.
Well
more like
hahaha
Kinda
hahaha
It's just like "Will you tell me why you didn't do it? can you promsie me you'll do it next time"

Not like "Is this because you're lazy? we're different? you don't care about it?"
those hypothetical questions you're asking
ahhh
don't get you closer to the solution
you, my friend
are the best
no u r
i understand now
hahaha
*shux*
LOLOL
goofy
goofy in the movie...didnt he say shux?
or did he just kinf of
I WAS ABOUT TO SAY THAT
pantomime it?
BECAUSE HE DID
hahahaha
hahahahahahahaha
AND I WAS GOING TO
hahaha
I laughing
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAAHHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
pantomime
I LAUGHING
HAHAHAHAHA
HE DID BOTH
yes
he did
i want to watch that
thats happening
hahaha it will
right after this episode of naked and afraid
what even is that
lol
its i half scripted survival show
with a man and  awoman
nake
naked
and they have a crew with them
but they cannot intervene
unless someone is seriously injured
even then
they ask permission to intervene
omg
haha
WHAT
WHAT DO THE YDO
LIKE WHAT KIND OF CHALLENGES DO THEY FACE
they have to get from one point to another in 21 days
its usually like 5 miles away
that sounds awesome
but the title
it sounds like horror porn
it kind of is
similar scenarios
real monsters
HAHA
not fake ones
haha
no cougars called nightmare
HAHAHAHAHAHAA
I'm 30
loool
so
it makes me angry
when im talking about nitemare, the gecko
and people reply back to me
and spell it "nightmare"
nightmare
NO
I knew it
didn't send it time
but I knew it
hahaha
it is Nitemare Hippy Girl
That is her name
"with her skinny fingers fondlin my world"
hahahahaha
i said
I said
"so this thing where you didnt do anything that i politely asked you to do, can we acknowledge that hat happened"
and hes like ,yea
and i said
HAHA
"okay, can ythat not happen again?
and he said, yea
and i said, now you have some shit to do tomorrow
hahaha
Sounds good
See, simple
yea
hahaha
see
I said
why pay for a therapist
when there's
*M I C H A E L*
HAHAHAHAHA
hahhahahahahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAH
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT
im dying
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
i dont even
hahahahaahahahaha
i hope youre alone
so alone
you must look insane
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
I DO
HAHAHAHAHA
...I AM
*B O V I N E   SEX~~~FLAP*
noooo
W H A T
H A V E
I
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
D O N E
im a child
*WORMS IN MY BRAIN*
I hope I never have to get an mri
I'm so afraid I have a brain tumor
omg im dying
hahahahahahahahahahahahah
that I would DIE from aanxiety
literally
worms in my brain
I would die
omg
hahaahha
and if i had brain worms
i would crush my head
repteadely
into
a wall
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-19TSsaXu3eM/TzHxBSoXIJI/AAAAAAAAAQ0/uGnEcFi8YTg/s1600/eggs_brain.jpg
LOOK
NO
NO
NO
NO
NO
NO
NO
NO
HAHAHAHAHA
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPE
http://i.huffpost.com/gen/612198/thumbs/r-BRAIN-TAPEWORMS-large570.jpg
fuck you
fuck you so hard
HAHAHAHAHAAHA
i hope you die
die
die
die
I want to scrape them out with a fork
get out
is that fucked up
never return
im going to vomit
you piece of shit
hahahahhhaahha
hahhaahahaahahahahaha
oh god
no
its so bads
its bad
I want to like burst the sacks and extract them with crude tools
thats all you man
and im going to have to ask you
so stop
to not taalk about that
to stop
HAHAHAHAHAH
to my me
hahahahaha
hahahahahahahah\
hahahahahahaha
my lower home bar covers my text box for facebook
so i cant see whAT im typing
hahahahaha
wtf
hahahahaa
that's horrible
what a godless piece of shit
W O A H  T H E R E
H O L D  U P
hahahahaahaha
*~T E E N <33 D R E A M~~*
~~**@.@**~~
D A H C E
N
what is this myspace teen
i dont know but this is fun
hahahahahahaha
*%D R # A M 4~~FR#4$~~~H0t_Plt3~~*
HAHAHAHAHA
youre that hungry
i am too
i think chris is making food
I am going to get a microwave meal soon
BUT
he always asks me what i want and then i never decide so nothing gets made
I can't decide
but
tonight
lean cuisine, or AMYS
he decided for me
on pizza
and now thats what i will eat
that's awesome that that happened
haha
that that
i hate saying that
"that that"
i hate that
so that
that that
this?
Should I get lean cuisine or "amy's"
i really cant decide
even if moving 300 yards is even worth it
ummmm
amys
amys is always the best
AMY
AMY
that name is amusing me
AMY?
AMY?!
AMY
here it goes
hahahahaha
wait
is that just IN your dorm/
*~~~EH ELM WHY~~~~AMY!!!!!~~*
no I have to go downstairs, walk about 50 yards, and go into the store
I THOUGHT YOU WENT TO A *P R E S T I G I O U S* ESTABLISHMENT
* N 0 P 3 *
you know what I don't care about
* CL OC K HA^NDS *
HAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I L0V3 TH^S
something odd happened hahaha
josh has been sending me photos of things at target
and i was commenting
and i said, i dont know what im enunciating so oddly
and he said "high as shit?"
hahahahahahaha
What us going on
Ahhag
Hag
Hag
im smokin da weeee
ir a berl
Pleasure
I got chips and queso for two bucks
YES
hahahaha
WHAT A TEAL
from disneys paramounts pixars "burrito"
i aint even hungry though
i had egg salad on a sandwich
i just WANTED chips
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
DISNEYS PARAMOUNTS PICTURES
BURRITO
hahah
dude
this place
is literally called
"BURRITO"
and it has a picture of a giant unidentifiable pepper
poorly drawn
at that
hahaha
But it is not owned by disney
OMG
REMEMBEr
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHA
DISNEYS PIXARS STEVE JOBS
_____
but it is not owned by disney
is that like
it is
it's redundant to say disney pixar
it's disney
hahahaha
rap game disney pixar's lion king
RAP GAME
hahahahahaah
michelle obama
RAP
i like the whitest kid raps
hahahaha
so hard to conserve cheese
for all chips
hahahahaha
i know what you mean
i hate that
use tiny dribble of cheese for WANNN BEEEG CHI!P
WHY NO
GOD
NEED M)AR
CHEESE
for bif OLF chips
PAR T vari1t)
I'm gonna make it a thing to type like I'm too drunk to type
that's a thing I'm doing now
cheers


dr barb
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
IM DYING
i was reading it to chris
and i had to say
"im roughly translating"
HAHAHAHAHA
dr barb sends her regards
"ants"
omg
ants
hahahahahahah
-josh
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHHAHAHAAH
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
im dying
cannot breath
I have dissociative identity disorder
I am so neutral
when I get angry
josh comes out
he takes care of anger
when I need to help others
it's dr. barb
when I need to hurt others
I am that large englishman from pocohontas
when I need to eat cheese
I am god
i am running low on cheese
dear god
thank god I'm me
but no
It will still be gone
when it's gone
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAH
I JUST GOT PIZZA AND CAME BACK TO THAT
PIZZA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i just came from the thorax of a hand
cheese almost gone
chips 'o plenty
GOD
GOD
i just wish someone else could enjoy the splendor
of your fucking insanity
hahahahahaahahahahahaah
Hey hey
sometimes I say legitimately funny things.
mostly im insane
but yes
Knowing that you're high
I am acting diffrerntly though
ahhaa
you just said
the thorax of a hand
now tell me
who is high??
"I'm high on life"
when people say shit like that
I want to spoon out their eyes
I feel like I get high on my own body's chemicals
I mean
other wise
I wouldn't act so weird
i do sometimes
its called mania
and adrenaline
hahahahaha
(that's what I'm saying)
I'VE GOT SUCH LOW SEROTONIN AND SUCH HIGH NOREPINEPHRINE!!!! I LOVE BIPOLAR DISORDER
omg
i just read that
and laughed so hard
hahahahahahahahah
aha
ha
hah
ahahahahaa
I LOVE BIPOLAR DISORDER
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
hahahahahahahahahaah
i might also have that
never been tested
i know it goes hand in hand with BPD in women
lolol
it's possible. But it's hard to tell if you ahve it when you have BPD, because they symptoms are VERY similar
I am on meds for it
but like
idk if I've bene "diagnosed"
like
if I have it
I've been manic for 10 years
hahahaha
yes
i mean
ive heard the differences, mainly
is that BPD is faster mood swings
more violent ones
bipolar
you can be depressed for weeks
before you feel better
That's true. BPD mood swings are more quick. It's more like a normal mood flux, but they happen REALLY FAST
I LOVE BIPOLAR DISORDER
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaha
that phrase
dear god
HAHAHAHA
NAKED AND AFRAID
this show is great
have you seen ""Bares All""  when Recap, extra footage and commentary with the episode 8 cast, including their families happens
OMG HAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
I watch such devout
dude this guys fever is 105
hahahaha
in the jungle
theyre pulling him out
and isolating him from his partner
he's gonna die and I'm going to choke myself in front of the mirror and  fall backwards into a tub of worm.
HAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAA
A TUB OF WORM
lightening
lightning bones
searched by a subway policeman
that is the name of my new mental band
so
chris and josh have the same terrible aversion to sour cream
I LOVE SOUR CREAM
I mean
in appropriate context
i literally just told josh the same thing
i said its my favorite
and then i was like
well not really
but i like it a lot
hahahahahaha
exactly
it's good on mexican food
where it belongs
YES
it's not catsup
no
gross
hahahahah
ketchup/catsup is good on some things
but others
NO
I'm not fond of condiments really
except cheese
sweet cheese
i need condiments
or ill die
and hot sauce
my kidneys have failed
i love a certain type of hot sauces
spicy creams are good as well
vinegars
mustards
I don't like the generic "HOT SAUCE"
I'm picky
i am too
stop listing those
I hate it
CREAMS
SPREADS
JELLIES
JAMS
I'M GOING TO KILL YOU
YOU'RE HUMAN GARBAGE
STAP
WORKAHOLICS TIME
OK K OKK OKKKK OK OOOOOOO K
GOOD DAY.
HAI
Sunday is the day of our Lord and the day of people who need am excuse to dope with pot pipes. WHAT A COINCIDENCE OR IS IT. 
# smoke for Christ
#peacepipesforjesus
#thesmokesendsourlovetoheaven
Bella: There's a vapist vaping in my class
Help me
hahahahaha
Why did I come up with that word hahahahahahahahaha
i dont know but i use it now too
omg
youve done something
hahahaha
I have. Vapist
Vapism
Vapie
omg
i love the last one
Where does it apply???
Concivape: for info on all the local vape
im so
tired
hahahahaha
chris has so much to do today
Me too. And me too.
He's gon do it
yes
he is
or
i will kick him out
or something
for like a day
lol
I just used the word "gentleman's" as an adj and I want to end it all
hahahaha
coworker is leaving me to go on a long lunch for her foster kid
dammit
now i have all of twitters
"F"
my step brother is obsessed with lyn z from MSI
hahahaha
he saw them yesterday
Dear god dude
Hahaha
"happy" by pharrell
thats all i have to say
No
I don't like pharell
BUTTS
YOU DONT LIKE THAT SONG
IM GOING TO MURDER YOU
YOU HAVE TO LIKE IT
ITS THE BEST
EVER
YOURE WRONG
I'm rite
no
but youre allowed to be wrong, because youre my friend
My  prof showed a pic of someone with 10000 body mods and said 
Is this art
I was one of like 2 people who didn't raise their hand

What does this say about me
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i mean
it isnt
it used to be
but now its a pissing match
of self mutilation
That's my opinion
It is in other cultures
Not in this one
yes
exactly
lolol
i mean
i personally think my ears look cool
but they are not ART
i got my ears at Spencer's for christ sake
thats not art
hahahahaha
They do look cool
But they are the equivalent of a hip piece of jewelry
That's not art it's just hip jewelry hahaha
yes
like earrings
I'm waiting for teens to start ringing their necks. Like so tribal bro. No...offensive and pointless
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHA
THAT WILL HAPPEN
WITHOUT A DOUBT
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/04/17/michael-alig-release_n_5166796.html?ncid=fcbklnkushpmg00000050
:DDDDDD
I don't even know who that is
michael alig
the creator of the club kids
that doesn't help
hahaha
havent you seen party monster?!?!?
omg you havent
Nope.
honestly,
well
what is it?
a film? documentary?
both
hahahaha
there are 2
one is the documentary
I MEANT MOVIE
ok
haha
well
ok
one is based ont he book james st james wrote about it, he was michael's bff
both are movies
and both are great
seriously
great
he literally invented the shit there is today
with raves and shit
Interesting
Hm
he ended up murdering his bf/drug dealer
in the most fucked up way
he should have ODed while he was doing it
because he needed so much heroin to actually complete the event
What did he do hahahahahahaha
he murdered his friend
and then cut him up
and put him in a box
until the smell was too bad
then they dumped him in the hudson river
and the body was found after that
drugs did the whole thing
heroin, actually
if you watch it
Heroin addicts are HORRIFYING
That's a sad tale
yes
it is a tragic tale
but whats so fascinating about it
is how real it is
and how in depth
I want to see a documentary with him
there are some prison interviews in the real documentary
the movie though
just as good
marilyn manson plays a tranvestite crack addict that dies
its just
magical
HAHAHAHAHAHA OMG
dude a club promoter in huntington is helping me promote my show, and im helping her find charleston venues to throw raves at. i met my marketing match hahaha
I think I might try to help out with any shows she does in charleston
so i can say
i co-promote the charleston leg of those shows
got her phone number, and the event is totally happening, she just needs to figure out a time table for when it can happen.  ill be promoting art and music instead of drugs.  itll be magical.
the day michael alig is announced to be released
i become a part of a club circuit promoting the non-use of opiates
how weird
IRONY OF THE COSMOS
That is interesting though
it is man
so many coincidences have happened recently
nan
nan
Learning about sex in psych. "Orgasmic" disorders. Help
jesus hahahahaha
orgasmssssssss
i hate that word
orgasm
its kinda gross sounding
"asm" is gross
The word pleasure has been said far too much
I now understand
yes hahahaha
Omg no treatment: petting exercises and body exploring
Help
Help
OMG
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
hahahahahahahaha
sexual exploration
disgusting
"Give non threatening instructions during a sex act"
SEX ACT
Act
sex act
sex is just acting
hahahaha
when youre performing
a sex acy
act
Hahahahaha
I hate this term
i hate ron lanham who is vending my show this saturday and basically just told me im not allowed to touch his leachie but that my friend kristen who is coming in can, but he said it in the most passive aggressive way
i want to tear out his throat
Why would he say that
Is he a child
i love matt and i hope that he will hate these people with me, because i know he hates mean and dumb reptile people
i cant do anything about them
because i run the show and i dont want to seem like a child
i dont want to kick them out
Exactly in a sense yoy need them
i dont really
but
i dont want to ruin my good guy reputation
That's true
because everyone likes me, locally
except for them
they just make me so unhappy
i just keep trying to be nice to them
and they just keep being mean
What losers
Fuck them
OH MY GOD
"@robdelaney: .@BarackObama I'm a proud #VCD (Vaping Christian Dad) and you, sir, are not my president."
I am dying
Such vape
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
do you steal his comedy? or did he steal yours?
HE STOLE YOURS
OMG
Both
I did the vaping thing before him
But I steal some of the ways he phrases things and his weird ideas
thats okay
we all do subconsciously
Not directly. Just...His style. I am no /theif/ I am the son of god#
right
and god said
his first revelation
"michael is not a theif"
the second is
"he is god"
nan
Yes
I am not
what do i do
i need your help
i know your brain works like mine
i need 200% brainpower on this
Let me get my bagel and SIDDOWN FIRST
how do i either A) stomp ron and his shitty gecko gang into the ground with excellence or B) get them out of my life
Dude I'm not familiar enough with the situation haha
Leslie knope may know what you're going through
Omg
Youre Leslie knope
i am
can i just
make her my profile photo?
i actually am doing more than her
and im not getting paid to do a lot of it
Hahahaha
lol
i just realized that im that "working for  a cause" person that everyone hates because theyre doing nothing to help the earth
leslie knope
Hahahahaha
Yep basically
Who was I again in our list of characters
you are ben
because they are a team more than they are romantic
#t34mf0rlyfe
OH RIGHT
YEA
a riel is your hillary clinton
It's all coming back
well
ariel is more like
my ron
Then who's your Margaret Thatcher
WHO'S WHO YOU ASPIRE TO BE REPTILE WISE
well
ariel, too
the only difference
is that i actually get to work alongside margaRET THATCHER
haha
i dont really like any of the BIG bg guys that much
philippe de vosjoli is the kindest
so him maybe
so
chris is still not awake
im starting to get angry
i cant believe he would stay up so late, knowing he had so much shit to do today
he acts like a high school senior hahahah
in the spring.
i dont know what to do
its not funny
its sad and confusing
and frustrating, most of all
don't accepy any kind of apology if nothing is done
BUT
don't give up yet
it could still be done
i need EVERYTHING done
he needs to do dishes, laundry, clean all animals, take bus to the pet store which he's too late to do already, vent gecko tubs with the soldering iron which takes time
hes just
fucking lazy
why did he stay up late
is he undermining your request because he knows you won't do anything or he doesn't realize wh
you know what
because he always stays up late when he doesnt have to work the next day
second explanation makes no sense
every time
How late?
http://sploid.gizmodo.com/a-weird-black-ring-appeared-in-the-sky-in-england-and-t-1563234883
alen
i saw that
its not though
hahahaha
i know
it's like
insects
it looks organic
haha
its smoke
I haven't wathched the film yet
no alen
no allen, no alens.
QUESTIOn
HOW DO YOU SPELL MY FIRST NAME
i think it's allen, not allan
Alan
no way
really?
yep
the most normal way to spell it
i havent even
I DONT EVEN KNOW MY BEST FRIEND
I can't spell your middle name
(leveling things off)
really? why?
hahahaha
because you can't spell my first name and feel weird about it.
Well I guess you can now
if you posses the skillset "learning"
hahaha
yung
yung jeezuz christ
yung gawd
Our father thou live in canada
Paul, be thy name
Give us this day, a bail of hay
and regift us our gift baskets
wait
are you a
"the 2nd?"
or jr?
HAHA
II
thats so awesome
Alan "Edgar Allen Poe" Michael Terranova II
hahahahahaha
MY LINEAGE
I feel like "II"
makes you think
WOW YOURE DESCENDED FROM A POWERFUL LINEAGE
the next generation
hahahahahahahaha
X MEN
THAT MADE ME THINK OF X MEN
i just like
"the 2nd"
more than "the 3rd"
and i hate "jr"
lol
Jr is devil
I am yung T
HAHAHAHAHAHA
yung alan
LOLOLOLOL
Hahahaha
I just watched a white girl take a selfie
HAHAHA
im listening to eminem's refill
it speaks to me
because of my family history
my mom tried to buy a joint of weed off chris
actually she wanted a free one
and called him a "fucking piece of work" when he didnt give one to her
and she blocked him
Drama
i am so stressed
Don't get stressed. Wear a vest
-josh
omg hahaha
i wish he would engage me in conversation
so i could tell him you said that
and he would cackle
and id hear it
but no one cares
but you
Hunny ur stress stems from ur under lion probZ with ur mum!!

-Dr barb
HAHAHAHAHAHA
look at my status
and stepbrother
Ok
is so awesome
Omg hahahahaha
im so upset that we wont be related anymore, even by law
but we'll always be good friends
i think
you could even
COMMENT
OR LIKE
COME ON MAN
Hahahahaa
I save that for less important stati. And when you don't see it coming
nan
damn you
damn you all to hell
Damitol
What's that from
hahahahahaha
* H U N T E R * ~~\~
chris finally woke up
im on the verge of tears im so stressed
and the disrespect
No cry! There there
What did he say to yiu?
"I woke up at 11, looked at the clock and went back to sleep"
"wasnt feeling it"
Yell at him that's idiotic hahahaha
i told him im crying
and hes all capsing me
telling me he did nothing to me
he did nothing wrong
"I'm sorry you're in a shitty mood again, but don't take that shit out on me."
i want him out of the house
I'm done entertaining this. He needs to just do it and there's no right or wrong way. He needs to be a fucking adult for once in his life
You aren't asking for much
i told him he needs to get out
Well. What ever you need to do.
he asked me if im fucking someone else
im so insulted
and when i explained what he did wrong, again he's like "ill get it all done i promise"
"I think deep down you want to get away from me.

And you feel like you can't

so you're finding miniscule things to yell at me about

in hopes that I'll get pissed off and leave."
he just said that to me
Um
hes essentially trying to tell me that this is all me being crazy and having an outburst
"im not trying to win anything.  its not always about winning"
This isn't about yeaterday
X plain that thus is the build up
what?
i dont understand
but im yelling at him that i hate him
via text
because i do right now
oh so now he's apologizing
i said
"like, thats cool and all, because THATS ALL I WANT, is your helpbut how are you so irresponsible?how are you so non-adult about life?"
Wow
also
i think josh is trying to get me to break it off with chris
hes like
trying to slightly influence me
very slightly
for reason unknown
Because you're miserable
That's why
jesus
thats so sad
I know
But its obvious
Josh is weird but he's a friend
he is a friend
and i dont think he wants to take advantage
i think he wants me to make the best decision
i changed my gmail password
because im tired of him poaching my conversations with you guys while im talking to him
because you guys help me talk to him
without you guys i would go insane
I know
I agree with that choice
josh said this
if you don't like how things are, you have to figure out if you can live with it.
if you can't you should leave.
if you can, you should stay.
and i dont know
i really dont
That's sound advice
it is
the problem is
i dont know what to do
I'd be more concerned if you had an immediate answer
well yea, he thinks im trying to play him or some shit
which is so fucking insulting
i wouldnt put up with this shit if i were
Yeah I see that
he claims his wants and needs are always second to mine
if thats true, it's because of his current behavior patterns
What are his wants and needs?
Yours and wants so much as how to be grown ups
Aren't
i just want to be successful
that is my wants and needs
He doesn't share those goals, or hasn't made it clear to you that he does
which im okay with
as long as he helps me
which he isnt doing
i feel like if i left him, no matter the situation, it woul dbe a grave mistake
plus, he could destroy my business if he wanted to
How could he? And I wish you had more of am easy choice to make here
he could claim half the animals are his, he could tell everyone we know that i do drugs, and lie to people about my business practices
if he wanted to do that
i dont know if he would
but he could
You're stronger than him. That wouldn't work. And he has no Legal claim to any animal.
i paid for all of them
but i dont even like talking about the "what ifs"
its so scary
how am i even supposed to go home to him
i dont have anywhere else to go
i have no friends here
Living with someone makes a  relationship very complicated
yep
That's all I can add to this
What are you going to do when you go home?
like
Things would be much easier to look over if chris had a full time job
i dont think i even can right now
i need to go somewhere
and cry
for me
I know.
i dont know if josh understands that he is only my friend, otherwise i would ask him to meet me for coffee or something after work
because hes all i have here because youre gone
travis is more chris' friend than he is mine
It irritates me that your relationship with josh has to be "in question" or "complicated." Like it's to the point to where it's a friendship, with a god damn definition so you can't be too friendly.
i mean
should i ask him if he would want to meet with me so i can cool down?
i just
cannot go home to him right now
i will hurt him
yes you should
i asked him
i told him if its uncomfortable that he doesnt have to
josh says
lordmacbayne:  I have no room for you.
and, im busy tonight.
unless its an emergency type thing.
obviously, im not going to leave you in a bad spot.
He's such an ass hole
I can't even deal with it
literally
who, josh?  i didnt even ask him for a room, but he assessed if he had room for me
WHICH IS AN AWFUL GODDAMN THING TO DO
like
you're his friend
in a tough spot
he should have offered his hand to help anyway
and "room"
as if he has so much going on
like come fucking on
and saying that
trivializes your friendship
it's insulting
and sarcastic
and he knows you won't beg.
i cant even handle myself
I wish I was there
I could help.
or something equivalent
i know =[[[
i told him
you know im not going to beg to hang out with you, but if you have free time, let me know
i have no friends
besides you
youre it
ditto
i have bella
though
but still
i dunno
im so upset
I'm sorry
i feel like puking
this is josh
" lordmacbayne:  i can talk to you.
 me:  i know but it's more a "place" thing
i have to be somewhere
and i cant be home
and i dont want to sit in my car for hours
 lordmacbayne:  i like to go drink coffee.
 me:  yes but coffee makes me sick
its okay
i understand
 lordmacbayne:  and there is tea
and various types of sodas
and etc.
 me:  beverages are not a substitute for a friend's company
for me, at least
 lordmacbayne:  they do fairly well for me.
 me:  thats great for you
 lordmacbayne:  haha
 me:  please dont laugh at me
im so upset i could puke
but i cant do anything about it
besides maybe go puke
i wish you would commit a little more to being my friend, because you said yourself, unless it's an emergency, and i would consider this a pretty big deal, and i would help you if you were in the same situation
but i know you dont like people to expect things of you, you told me that on day 1
so i cant really complain
"
Has he said anythin eelse
not yet but he's working, like me
we'll see
because i really just kind of opened up there
if he doesnt respond
im done with him
because hes not a real friend
He should respond
youd think so
but im surprised
that he dissed me so hard
i dont want to be an attention whore or anything
but i want tot ell him
ill probably end up in cross lanes
thisll do it
i said to him
" me:  I just remember you cancelling our plans for cindy
but i guess it doesnt work both ways
 "
oh he responded
im afraid
what'd he say
me:  I just remember you cancelling our plans for cindy
but i guess it doesnt work both ways
 lordmacbayne:  listen
this thing you're doing
it doesnt work with me.
 me:  this thing that im doing is trying to find a friend
im sorry
 lordmacbayne:  actually
you're trying to guilt me into doing something.
and you're about 5 words away from getting your feelings hurt.
i'd advise you to stop now.
i have to leave work
im pretty sure
Ok
wait
listen
i told barrett i'll have to leave
And go where?
my car
i dont know
I think talking to me is better than randomly going somewhere. I'll listen.
Here's the thing
you did kind of guilt josh there
I don't think you realized it because you're upset
and rightly so
but
you're under a lot of stress
have you talked to chris anymore?
talked to both parties
josh said, message me later, because help and not company
*i need help
question
have you thought
that maybe chris is doing this things you asked
?
like this whole list of things
Is he doing them?
(yes, I'm going back to that)
well he cant do all f it
because he slept past the bus time
let's start with this
If he does everything but that
That's something.
He followed through
that's better than what he did yesterday.
He mistakenly slept in.
So he can't do the one chore.
but he can do the otehrs
no
he didnt set an alarm
for now let's not dwell on that
expect less
expecting less is not what i do
me neither and it's ruined a lot of things in my life
but it's easy to see when someone else is doing it and hurting themselves
rather than checking in with him about the chores
you kind of dove right in to being upset
like that came before him not doing them
just take a deep breath
i didnt dive into him yesterday
because i didnt want to be like that
but how many times must i politely ask him to grow up?
You can't change someone over night
I think you need to give him a chance to complete the chores he can complete today
Changing someone's behavior is a process
thats like
chris saying, dont do drugs
and then the next day
i do drugs
and then expecting him to be okay with that
because it takes time to change
but you wouldn't be expecting him to be okay with that
you'd be feeling guilty
because you regret disappointing him
because in this situation
it also would take time to change
the more you disapprove or approve openly the more likely it is that something will change. Being quiet about things was the issue.
I think maybe you can't expect more in one day than he can do
Like I know that doing chores is the cohabitational equivlent of working clothes to work
but maybe that's just where you are right now.
Going to work naked.
I am sitting in my car crying
Because josh doesn't even care about me at all
And Chris doesn't either
Or Travis
Maybe he just doesn't want to deal with this
Anyone
and I think chris does hunter
what does travis have to do with this?
What exactly is on your mind
Are you okay?
I'm just parked and crying
I want to die
I am alone
In this world
I don't know what to tell you
You feel that way
and I can't change it
is something specific bothering you at the moment?
The world
I'm thinking more specific than that
The world is sucky
I want to drive into the river but I'm too spineless
Josh hates me probably
I thought he was one of my best friends
I don't think that that would work out well
Listen to me about josh....He's an adult baby, and he's your friend when  he feels like it. He doesn't want a real relationship with anyone
He tries I think
Now he's sending me photos of his trip to the store
Like he wants me there
But not really
I think he's just doing that to be weird
That's just a thing he does
I'M GUESSING
josh wasn't there for you earlier because he's not emotionally mature neough to help
I asked him if he even likes me at all
Because I can't tell
See
I don't think you should do that
I think you're asking a lot from him
I don't think he's going to say more than "break up with chris"
he's sees that you're upset
but he himself isn't mature enough to deal with his own life
much less yours
He says he is fond of me. I had to check because I wasn't sure. I've never been so alone.
I think you have. I think right now you might be isolating yourself a little, but that's okay. You're overplaying the meaning of friendships a bit. Just because someone can't help you with your problems, or can't deal with them, doesn't mean they don't care
I have these times where I want to abuse everything that I see
I know.
That's okay.
Like driving my car into the side of a bridge going 70
It would feel so good
the idea of it would
but actually doing it would not.
What can we do at this current moment to solve this?
what's one thing?
If I had a purpose and a place to go I would feel better
I thought about driving to Columbus
But I don't have the gas and my car would explode
Two things, that are highly undesirable.
How about going on a walk?
No I hate walking
I just feel fat and dumb
Is that why you hate walking, or does walking make you feel that way?
It makes me think that I don't excersise enough so the walking I am doing is pointless and then I feel worthless for not working out like I should
It's not about exercising, it's about clearing your head. Being mindful. Just enjoying fresh air because we get so little of it. If you over think it, then it doesn't work
I can say something to amuse you, if you'd like
I want to die
There is so amusement
You can say that 100 times and it won't change anything. Just sitting there won't change anything. You have to think of something to do so you aren't thinking about this. Or at least get to the bottom of what is going on
you have the show to look forward to
The show makes me cry even harder
I just let those fuckers bully me
Ugh
I want to find Ron's house and burn it down
I know.
they aren't all bad though right?
Just him
Well that's just one guy
fuck him
If I go home I'm going to hurt myself or someone else
Then don't go home yet.
At least you're recognizing that's not a good idea right now.
just watched this video about bullying  some girl made and posted, and one of the testimonials was "I was hazed because I played so many sports." 
YOU HAVE NO IDEA ABOUT BEING BULLIED
so they discovered an earth like planet apparently somewhere, and part of me is a little afraid that it's the mormon Kolob
hows it going
In my bed
Calm
Good.
Headache
Nap?
that may help
Eh, I dunno
Maybe
the funniest shit ever just happened hahahaha
Hahah what
i met my friend amanda at work to buy some "weed" off of her because its #420 this sunday and it was really expensive stuff, so im out talking to her and stuff in the parking lot, like an hour before my shift even starts, and josh fucking walks up
and interrupts everything
and i have to stop and placate him with false reptile enthusiasm while im actually just nervous about him standing there
i dont even know why hes here right now
and then to top it off, i messaged him and explained that amanda is 2 months opiate free and everything, and kind of hinted at what was going on just to confirm he understood
and he had no idea what i was talking about
Hahahaha
What even
dude like
he just
WALKED RIGHT UP ON A DRUG DEAL
hahahahahahahahaha
How uncomfortable
it so was man
like
i know he doesnt care
but i felt like maybe he would have walked in, realized what it was, and then felt uncomfortable
but he was clueless
HAHAHA
He didn't even know
HOW
I HAVE NO IDEA
ILIKE
SHE EVEN SAID
TOO LOUDLY
"SEE IF ANYONE AROUND HERE IS INTERESTED, IM LOOKING FOR CLIENTELE"
I KNOW HE HAD TO HAVE HEARD THAT SHIT
IS HE RETARDED
(No comment)
hahahahaa
Omh
*ohm*
I'm so poor that a coffee shop employee felt bad and payed for my small coffee because I couldn't afford it with a bagel
Hahahahhaa
awwwwwwww
=/
but
thats also funny
It is
And the  the register jams
And it's not just a nice gesture
Everyone is like
MOVE OH WAIT SOME THING IS GOING ON
i just owned EVERYONE on a supermodel thread hahaha
i am amazing
Explain
read the thread with the grey crested gecko
its basically
a bunch of bitching back and forth, ariel and i and thers are against the greys because they will require inbreeding to prove out, and the nastiest ass of a guy owns the whole project
and people are saying, this is ridiculous, this is so much drama
and i said
" You can vent here about other breeders, but make sure that you (the complainer) bring the proof to back it up and the sumo suits." It's in the group description. Not trying to start anything, just saying, it's plainly written that things can get rough.
and im an admin
so im the bomb
OMG RESDING
You came in as the voice of reason in that mess jaha
i dont dude
also
i posted this
to heal some butt hurt
"Also, I think the question is not about the well known grey producing parents, but rather, their lineage."
because someonje was like
YOU CAN SEE THE PARENTS ION OUR BUSINESS PAGE
but ariel's theory is
I wish I better gasped this
Hahaha
I'm trying to read through it
the parents to those parents, and those parents, and those parents, were inbred to the point of creating this unnatural axanthic gene.
and that it didnt come from the wild
OHHH
yes
OK
I actually get it now
and do you see how im the best commenter? hahaha
im sorry i just have to be the very best
like no one ever was
the hatch them is my little test
to own them is my cause
Oh no
Oh no
Hahahaha
Someone said
"Inb4)
yes dude
That's do funny
hahahahahahaha
there are so cool folks in there
im telling you
it gets fun
*some
I wish I knew more
Haha
im tearing the thread apart
Like god to Satan's butt at the rapture
That's foretold
Right?
I lost my headphones
MUUUUUUUSSSSIIICCCC
NOOOOOO
hahahaha
This affects my mood
This will affect you
By affecting our subsequent interactions
So be mad
im so fucking mad
GRRRRRR
U mad
I haven't showered today and I'm in great agony. I'm going back to shower before doing ANYTHING ELSE TODAY
FUCK LIFE AS I KNOW IT
dude not showering
is like
a smaqll piece of hell on earth
hahahaha
I feel like shit and I feel like everyone knows I didnt
JUST BY LOOKING
MY PACE IS QUICK
HAHAHAHAHA
nan
Omg
What
Najahahahaha
nan
PATCHES
Die
nan
nan
Death by throbbing cat paw
nan
fresh eggs for breakfast
I'm in hell because of your actions
I will waste you
hahahahahahahaha
Go on
Laugh at your fate
CAT PAW
PAW
PAW YOU
PAWPAW
dude
im destined to promote this reptile show
without any extra effort
we are now featured in Reptiles Magazine
THE reptile magazine
Shit that's awesome
http://www.reptilesmagazine.com/Reptile-Events-Calendar/index.php/name/Charleston-Area-Reptile-Expo/event/7756/
Awesome!!!
matt is super excited. I wisjh I could go
you will next time hopefully
in october
if you can
lol
I'm thinking it will be possible
I hope
i do too
because the next time, it's gonna have to be at the civic center
for sure
hahaha
haha
damn
That will be so
*legit*
dude like
how am i making more progress with leslie knope
and also, you should know, the reptile community is just as nasty and negative as pawnee
hahaha
EAGELTON
LESLIE GAVE THEM THE RIGHT TO VOTE
AND THEY DONT EVEN CARE
YOU GAVE THEM THE RIGHT TO VEND
AND THEY DON'T EVEN CARE
MEDAL
i deserve a medal
straight from patches himself
he isn't real you idiot
*shame so shame*
hahahaha
Hun is this abt PATCHEZ or is it abot WAT UR FEELIN 

-dr barb
barb you can just SHUT THE HELL UP and keep your dog nose out of my face
Helvetica light is a smooth font
like I want to have a baby with it
i love it
It reads so well
i agree
wait
where did you see that
I'm using it
It's easier on the eyes than times new roman
yes
it is
i agree
helga from hey arnold
hahahahahhahaha
that poor sexually frustrated icelandic girl
ICELANDIC
lol
shes something like that
hahahaha
swedish
german
who knows
indigenous european
yea
so
"white"
haha
im listening to the drive sountrack
because its fucking amazing
I know that it's a serious problem...like indigenous europeans get A LOT of descrimination in europe...but they have coined the word "gyspy" as the equivalent to the N word. WHICH IS SO NOT EQUIVALENT. and are upset when people use it. I know it's bad...but....HAHAHAHAHA WHAT
josh gets all defensive about retarded shit like that
like
get over it
its a fucking word
Yeah I mean I'm not about descriminating against romanians
BUT
they were called that in the 1700s
not as a slang word
but as like
exactly
TRAVELING PERFORMERS AND HIPPIES
I don't get why it's bad now
but it is
lol
i dont even care about race anymore
OMG
its too much bullshit to take in from too many diferent people
Travis just posted
different
'george bush debuts new paintings of dogs, friends, ghost of iraqi child that follows him"
well
didn't just post it
but I just saw it
and I am dying
Idc that it's the onion
lololol
omg that is fucking hilarious
hahahaha
dude have you listened to Washed Out's album?
if not, do so  now
I will later
its like
music for the soul
in the sun
hahaha
or
music for the sun
in the soul
god
it is
hahahaha
let's play battle ship but with forks and mexican food and we get to eat the ships we destroy
dude
please listen to the song
it all feels right
by washed out
you will love it
seriously
OK
WOW
I wish I was listening to this through beats by dre
-.-
hahahaha
(lol)
this is the best music
im so manic right now
gecko party
gahhhhh
gecko party?
replaying song
yes all my gecko friends are on their way here
and im stuck at a desk
im going insane
hahahahaha
YES
REPLAY
or, listen to another one of their songs
hahaha
theyre all that good
I usually can't work while listening to music
but this is veyr calming
thats what i told you
its happy
it feels like driving with the roof down on the west coast in raybans with the sun on your skin
thats what this music is
that sounds pleasant
dude
yes
it just reminds me of california
which is beautiful, btw
I've never been
I've always despised it haha
probably the most beautiful state in the continental US
well southern california
to be honest
haha
really?
yes
I always thought like oregon and washington would be super awesome
as far as beauty
i kayaked in front of dr seuss' house
there were sea lions
HAHA
OMG
and caves you could kayak through
sharks
haha
Where in california were uyou?
jesus
there were baby sharks
that was
la jolla beach
i believe
I've always had a bias against california because of the type of people that reside there. As annoyingly liberal as I am, I fucking hate laid back people. And being laid back is a stereotype of california. being as principles as I am, I'm afraid to go back on that judgement even if it's wrong
hahahaha
Wait
there were sharks in the water?
where you
kayaked?
yes
they were little sharks
like lemon sharks
tons
oh ok!!!!
hahahaa
it was like magic
that's awesome
i've never kayaked
That's about as far away as I could get from my family without leaving the country
i have kayaks
maybe I'll retreat to there.
dude
please buy a house on the southern cali coast
overlooking the ocean
and let us vacation there
watch the sea lions
and the sunrises and sets
that sounds so great
haha
its almost like a dream
like
it feels the best ive ever felt
being there
looking at it, experiencing the visual beauty
is surreal
we hikes this giant rock cliff, the one where i posted green man in the background lol
but what you didnt see
was the tropical oasis type thing at the bottom of the trail, that is also right beside the ocean
hahaha
OH
haha
its like
look to your left, desert
look to your right, tropical forest
look down, ocean
damn
and you know
the people there are actually usually very nice
they may be "hipsters"
but theyre kind
which i like
gay boss sent me this
http://memebase.cheezburger.com/share/8143953152
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YOU ARE DEAD WRONG WITH THAT POCKET SQUARE
YES HAHAHAHA
anderson cooper is so awesome
that is hilarious
he is
i love that man
lol
he's got the eyes of an ice dragon
everyone loves him
OMG HIS EYES
ARE TOTALLY THAT
hahahahaha
OF AN ICE-TYPE SERPENT
lololol
it's true
hes an alien
only explanation
I am an alien, matt
hahahahahaha
you fucking sicko
nan
i miss matt
gotta hang out with him tomorrow
ask him how charlies doing
etc'
nan
nan
fresh dough
from cat bakery
it's got hairs in it
dude
dont even say that
chris told me
his coworkers husband had to get jaw surgery
they replaced part of his jaw and muscle with bone and muscle from his leg
and the leg muscle started growing hairs
and they had to take it back out
I am struggling nog to laugh
Like
Omg
Hahahahahaha help me Christ lord jesus that resides over all custom mods
hahahahahahahahahaha
custom mods
the girl, one of them, that josh is in love with
has been calling me on our new phone system
and testing contact info and stuff
she is very nice
but
eh
hahaha
does she vape
psh
probs
i mean
who doesnt
#amirite?
yes
I'm listening to this whole album until I die
yep
thats what i do
every day until i die
pizza cake
HAHA
"Hunter Armstead and Michael Terranova listened to Washed Out on Spotify."
I hardly use spotify anymore. Unless I'm on the computer, because of being able to actually select things
i only use it on the pc
but thats most of my life
jesus
thats depressing
hahahaha
it's such a nice day
is it?
hahahaha
I wish that I was leaving the library and meeting a friend and engaging activity
but sadly I have not a friend or activity here
by the time i get outta here itll be dark
im excited to try that "weed" i got
its the most expensive ive ever bought
SAVE IT
only for #420
HOLY GOD
SAVE IT FOR SUNDEE
hahaha
i am
well i got 3.7 grams
so totally enough
so like a metric pound
and when its that strong you cant just sit there and smoke on it all night
hahahaha
its called like "blue dream" or some shit, but amanda could be lying, i dont care
its stanky and i like that
hahaha
hey i might have a new car by tomorrow
haha
WHAT
haha
X-plain! (kickflip)
not tomorrow i guess
maybe monday
fucking easter ruins everything
You still haven't X-plained (kickflip)
MONEY
FOR CAR
EQUALS
CAR
OH
OH
OH
OK
I GET IT
help me im getting angry
about the car
some guy just saw that I had notes about suicide open and I was laughing and he looked at me funny
Ok
ok
Try and focus on something else
i cant im so stressed
theres so much happening
exactly
im not going to get any rest for the next two days
Yep
And you love it (duh)
no but since im not happy right now it seems stressful and not fun
why aren't you happy?
i dont know
it just happened
just talking about the car
and now im upset
Something that you tend to get upset about
well
is the result of focusing on "little picture" things
The "big picture" is you're getting a new car soon. The "little picture" is that it's not soon enough.
I think the big picture is more important. Wouldn't you agree?
yes but this show is going to be so stressful
i have to do everything or people will fuck it up
because everyone that isnt me is dumb
in this scenario
Ok ok ok
How do you know that this is true?
That's a very broad statement to make.
because jamee is constantly fucking up, i dont even have to tell you about chris, and take a good look at chad and assess that for yourself
Ok, well what could they be doing to help?
if i could quit my job and focus on this 24/7 and fire everyone else
that would be optimal
That would not be optimal. Focusing on this 24/7 may be, but you always need a support system. No matter the quality.
Think about it. It's much more ideal to complain about a shitty support system than to wish that you at least had one.
yea but i pour my life into this show and jamee does whatever she wants and we split the profit and fame 50/50
and people get it wrong and think she owns it
and i want to shoot her
because she does so little
she should never get my credit
Well you're entitled to that then! haha. HOWEVER, you know that people take credit that isn't theirs in the real world, all of the time. Take solace in the fact that you accomplished something and feel personally rewarded, rather than validated by the praise of others. (Speaking of that, people do recognize that this is your brainchild. It's not like you're out of this)
jamee's friends and family act like its all her
and i want to be like, you fucking idiots,s he's in high school and doesnt breed SHIT, who do you think makes this stuff come together?
absolutely not her
That's a normal feeling to have I get that way all of the time. but in reality, they don't matter. Their opinions don't matter. That dynamic is all about jamee, it isn't about what she's accomplished, it's about being proud of her for something. Do you think it would really be validating to take away her family's praise? I'm thinking it would be for a moment, and then the problem would still be there.
Obviously you're the one doing this. She's just a kid who gets validation from her family.
They may even know that. But her family is her family.
its the news stations too
they always fucking call her
and get her story
and i dont get published
SHE HAS NO IDEA ABOUT WHAT SHES TALKING ABOUT
SHE FORGETS VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION
AND JUST TALKS ABOUT "ALL HER EXOTICS", WHICH IS A TOTAL OF LIKE 10 ANIMALS
Okay, I see.
That would frustrate me too, I mean. She does sound kind of vapid
Well
Is this about properly describing what's going on and getting your message out there? Or is it about validation?
shes a fucking tiny lesbian bulldyke, she cant make a phone call though because of her "crippling anxiety"
its about the message
she makes us look dumb
and leaves out important info
Make sure you let her know, next time she does that. I see it this way...She's not going to be a part of this machine forever.
She's just not.
Eventually you will have control over all of it.
Until then, you have to rely on people you that may not be ideal
ariel told me i should get the business rights to the show without her knowing
so if she has an episode
like she does
she cant take it from me
That's a good idea. Sound advice.
I agree that it is yours, and you should have control over it.
But try your best not to get very upset about things going wrong, because things WILL go wrong. The only way to deal with it is to come up with a solution.
Getting upset is a natural reaction though, of course
That's not what I'm saying.
i just wish i could stop getting upset
over nothing
i know
I think expressing how upset your are is a good thing though
really
like if you want to fucking shoot someone
just tell me
it's better than thinking about it all day
it's not like I have room to judge haha
i just get so violent
seriously the only thing i could think that would make me feel better when im upset
it sucker punching someone
as hard as i can
I know.
There's got to be another way to relieve that though.
i know, but i cant think of one
well I'll help you think of one
probably won't come up with it today
haha
but there are ways to achieve that same kind of feeling that are not punching someone
(which I believe would probably be satisfying haha)
well what did it for me last time
was throwing my phone
That relieved your stress?
smashing something
yes
like
i need to smash things
beat something mercilessly
person, furniture, wall, anything
what if you got like a tennis ball or something you could throw on the ground as hard as you can. Maybe a deflated one, so it wouldn't bounce if that's an issue
no, if it bounces i get angrier
seriously
not joking
i mean
i have to do damage
to feel better
or at least hit something really hard and damage myself
See that's no good
does it have to be something substantial? or just something you can damage
just something i can damage, preferably something heavy that i can throw at a brick wall or something
like...a mason jar
would be so satisfying
This is the best I can do for now
http://bpd.about.com/od/livingwithbpd/tp/angerlist.htm
let me read through these
Ok
calm music helps i think
im not sure
maybe
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=846809995331337&set=p.846809995331337&type=1&theater
OMG
YES
HAHA
that is the best thing I've seen today
haha
i know
i hope he does
i love zac bagans, douchebag or not
hahaha
I don't know
I THINK
the douchebag persona
may be due to his tv personality
like
Maybe it's only HALF real
lol
i think its maybe half real
watch their movie, the first one
he is wearing normal clothes
not buff
and isnt a dick
HAHA
when he became a douche he became buff
or did he become buff when he became a douche
well if you watch the movie
it takes place over like 14 days or somethng
he gets buffer as he goes
not like he is now
Oh my gosh
oh
ok
but like, he was getting ready to be famous
I see what you mean
hahahaha
HAHA
THE PRE TRAVEL CHAN WORKOUT BRUH
i think now he is a total douche though
hahahahahahahaha
why?
i mean, in his newest "movie", he used his own music on the soundtrack
sweet jesus
that's really annoying
hahahaha
have you heard his music?
???
hahahaha
....no
oh no
omg
go listen
now
give me like 2 minutes
what do i search?
zac bagans music, i dont know
hold on hahaha
"NecroFusion"
oh fuck
ok
hahahahaha
yea hahahahahahaaha
NO
I can't do this in public
sorry
I had to take my headhpones out and shut it down
almost lost it
\hahahahahahaha
"tell me your name!"
*bass drops*
he was like talking about being in a dungeon
I started convulsing
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
Like I blurted out laughter
someone had created a video
on windows movie maker
like
"get read ladies and gents"
and then it began
omg hahahaha
I just couldn't
I'll take your word
It's "something else"
they are giving uot easter eggs
at work
im actually in 7th grade
be my valentine?
HAHAHAHAHA
I'm actually kind of jealous
who the fuck is ditrubting these
some monster 400 lb fat chick named brittany who is always talking to me about bronies and dr who
and im like
GET OUT
NOW
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
BRONIES AND DR WHO
yep
and *anime* *sliver of light flash across face, camera quickly pans down to view only eyes in wide screen, raise fingers in a "finger gun" arrangement to the side of my eye, say "bring it"*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
*quiet whisper in japanese*
*japanese kawaii giggle*
*NO SENSEI PATCHES*
So I know someone who is taking japanese, and apprently there are japanese kids in there just for an easy a, and also 20 year old white fedora wearing males. APPARENTLY , in japan they view anime like we do like...goofy and mickey mouse, and think it's fucking weird that americans are so obsessed with it.
I thought that this was incredibly hilarious
i hate anime
its so dumb
just
ridiculous
i don't get it
like
what's the pleasure
in that
no pleasure atall
atall man and his short stout sand son slicks smears smell
i couldnt even
read that
hahahaha
ITS A TONGU twister
tongu
my boss just asked if i could come in early tomorrow
how insulting
he doesnt even remember that i built a fucking event myself
i am on a level higher than ticketmaster lol
wow what an ass
haha
no appreciates it man
no one
*hissssssss*
*the word "smarmy"*
ICK
WHAT A BAD WORD
i like it
for bad people
lol
it reminds me of
HAHA
yeah
So wanna here something funny
I've been following ian jesse's posts on facebook
and I think he had an alcoholic breakdown about a month ago
he's now like hyper religious and babbling
IT'S SO ENTERTAINING
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
WHAT
HAHAHAZHAHAHAHA
I WONDER IF HE WOULD ADD ME
you can probably see it anyway?
https://www.facebook.com/ianstro?fref=ts
idk
he would I'm sure
*clicked "add friend"*
he's so "OPEN AND LOVING AND THE LORD HAS FILLED HIS HEART WITH JOY"
he would
are you joking
he's been reading a lot of
hes fucks dudes
what is he talking about
"the purpose driven life"
DUDE I DUNNO
HE ALSO SAID
30 DAYS SOBER AND LOVING IT! ON THE BACK PORCH TAKING IN THE WINE ONLY MY EYES CAN DRINK
IM LOSING IT
he keeps talking about god
IM LOSING IT
like
but he sounds
he sounds
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HES AN ALCOHOLIC
he sounds like he's having a SEVERE manic episode
SEVERE TIMES 10
WHY IS HIS PROFILE PHOTO FROM BEFORE CHRIST BEING STABBED BY ARROWS
im dying right now
thank you for this special gift
hahahahaha
BAHAHAHAHAHA
HIS ONE PHOTO
don't
I'm already laughing
just enjoy
ok
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152103004272509&set=a.436922627508.216530.562832508&type=1&theater
THAT IS ALL
no
my gut hurts
hahahahahahaha
i had that experience last night
I've been keeping this to myself
until a special occasion
for about one month
HAHHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
read his stati
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HE SEEMS TOTALLY CRAZY
DOESNT HE
AND HIS FAMILY AND FRIENDS ARE LIKE
YOU GO IAN
YES
i cannot function
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=220316497508&set=a.436922627508.216530.562832508&type=1&theater
THAT'S RIGHT
cannot
stop
I can't click anything
I'll lose it in public
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
BY THE CHRISTMAS TREE
MOMMY'S LITTLE ANGEL
stop
please
I'm asking you nicely
just enjoy it yourself now
okay okay
im sorry
I can't laugh ANYMORE
i just cant breath
note though
how supportive his friends and family are
like
they don't see that these are the babblings of a mad man
well im sure that anyone would be happy that he finally got the dick shaped stick out of his ass
I rememeber somehing about him being bipolar
This is textbook mania
delusions of assocaition
the whole nine yard
BUT ITS SO BAD
IT'S BORDERLINE PSYCHOTIC
you can't understand his rhetoric
it's word salad
"in serenity garden watching david do yoga" *photo of naked man except he has underwear on but you can still see everything*
STOP
I'VE SEEN IT ALL
WE CAN DISCUSS THIS AFTER DINNER
I'M NOT EATING DINNER
NOTICE THOUGH
notice though
how he went from being at a drag show
with his boyfriend
to being filled with christ
it was OVERNIGHT
LITERALLY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
there is something to that
i showed the boss
hahahahahahaa
HAHAHA
wht was his reaction?
he was laughing
is it funnier that he's hyper religious and delusional
or that he can't speak anymore like a human
Precious moments
Special people
Happy faces 
I can see
I hate you
hahahahahahaahah
im sorry but i lost it
Like what the fuck Is that anyway. It's not good if it's a poem
its not a poem
it's like
brainwashed babbling
Him being bipolar explains a hell of a lot though right haha
yes it toally does
i just want him to accept me as his friend
so i can see all of it
OH MY GOD
YOU HAVE NOT SEEN IT ALL
This changes everything
hahahahahaha
You will laugh into a seizure and die
hahahahahahahahahaa
The things you've seen are the tip of the ice burgh
Like
"amsterdam"
Hahaha
Likr
im going to look through his mobile photos
The babbling gets deep. Once he posted an essay
Like mayve 3 pages from a book and he's always saying how he's feeling with that new feature
HAHAHAHAAHAH
SO LIKE
what has he said about his alcoholism?
hahahahaha
IS HE STILL GAY?!
Yes
But insane
I hope he tries to straight himself. That would be PURE ENTERTAIBMENT
omg yes please god hahahahaha
Like he gets to the part of the bible where God condemns gays
Realized he is going to hell
WHY JUST WHY
WAS HIS PROFILE PICTURE AT ONE TIME
CHRIST BEING CRUCIFIED
IS HE CHRIST
WHAT
Later retracts it all because he is realizing he was a judas to the gay community
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA
And no he just uploaded it to that album
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151594449347509&set=a.436922627508.216530.562832508&type=3&theater
IM DYING
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=140993302508&set=a.436922627508.216530.562832508&type=3&theater
THIS
THIS
THIS
I can't now
I'll be in my room in 20
And we can discuss this
okay hahahaha
hurry before
i dont know
hahahaha
Before we lose inte
St
Trust me
We won't for days
i wont for forever
hahahaha
its like
im looking through these photos
and its like i dont know this man
its almost as if he didnt dictate the entirety of my middle school years
he washed his hair....in a bidet
get ready
he's been in san diego all week
READY
oh god
how?
where does hsi money coe from?
prostitution?
the lord?
t's that kind of day... Korean BBQ, Spicy baby octopus bulgogoi, or squid and egg bibimbap? *sigh*  listening to Say Something Im Giving Up On You at Mapo BBQ Korean Cuisine.

Say Something Im Giving Up On You
Song
Song
Like    Share
7 people like this.

Ian Jessee I would like to note that the above mentioned song is on the speaker system in above mentioned restaurant as well as a very loud 1000 inch television playing what sounds like a korean Phyllis Diller.
I can't even interpret that
what in the helkl
he was there 1 day and had 119 photos uploaded on the first day
hahahahahahaahahaha
here it comes
"Celebrating 30 days sobriety 10K above terra firma!!! Then on to the land of my people, where the tacos are tasty and I can swim in rivers of horchata. Life is good!"
THOUGHTS
RIVERS OF HORCHATO
HORCHATA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
are you ready for this next one
it's a mother fucking doozy
I'll send it, followed by the shorter one I referenced earlier
yes hahahahahahaha
Ian Jessee
April 13 near Charleston, WV
Seeing is of course very much a matter of verbalization. Unless I call my attention to what passes before my eyes, I simply won't be able to see it. It is, as Ruskin says, "not merely unnoticed, but in the full, clear sense of the word unseen." My eyes alone can't solve analogy tests using figures, the ones which show, with increasing elaborations, a big square, then a small square in a big square, then a big triangle, and expect me to find a small triangle in a big triangle. I have to say the words, describe what I'm seeing.
If Tinker Mountain erupted, I'd be likely to notice. But if I want to notice the lesser cataclysm of valley life, I have to maintain in my head a running description of the present. It's not that I'm observant; it's just that I talk too much. Otherwise, especially in a strange place, I'll never know what's happening. Like a blind man at the ball game, I need a radio. 
When I see this way I analyze and pry. I hurl over logs and roll away stones; I study the bank a square foot at a time, probing and tilting my head. Some days when mist covers the mountains, when the muskrats won't show and the microscope's mirror shatters, I want to climb up the blank blue dome as a man would storm the inside of a circus tent, widely, dangling, and with a steel knife claw a rent in the top, peep, and, if I must, fall.
But there is another kind of seeing that involves a letting go. When I see this way I sway transfixed and emptied. the difference between the two ways of seeing is the difference between walking with and without a camera. When I walk with a camera I walk from shot to shot, reading the light on a calibrated meter. When I walk without a camera, my own shutter opens, and the moment's light prints on my own silver gut. When I see this second way I am above all an unscrupulous observer.  reading Pilgrim at Tinker Creek.
Ian Jessee
April 12 near West Side, WV
Sitting on the back patio enjoying the fruits of my labor today and drinking the wine that only my eyes can drink. What a beautiful evening!
"Seeing is of course very much a matter of verbalization. "
im dying
HAHAHAHAHAHAA
thats all it took
LIKE
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
oh shit
look at the edition of the bible he reads
"So now I am giving you a new commandment: Love each other. Just as I have loved you, you should love each other." John 13:34  reading New Living Translation of the Bible.
'" with increasing elaborations, a big square, then a small square in a big square, then a big triangle, and expect me to find a small triangle in a big triangle."
i cannot breathe
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
Ian Jessee
April 8 near Charleston, WV
Today, I will practice loving self-care.
follow up comment replying to fred gretta
Ian Jessee Fred Gratta, honey I'm 25 days sober and loving it!
April 9 at 9:32am  Like  4
" It's not that I'm observant; it's just that I talk too much."
WAT
HAHAHAHAHA
I THOUGHT THIS WAS ALL FROM THE BOOK AT FIRST
BUT GOOD GOD
Ian Jessee shared a link.
April 7 near West Side, WV
Everything got started in him and finds its purpose in him. COLOSSIANS 1:16B (MSG)

Excerpt From: Warren, Rick. The Purpose Driven Life. Zondervan, 2012. iBooks. 
 feeling great.

Ian Jessee so thankful that god has created circumstances to remind me that it's not about me...surrender is such an amazing thing!
April 7 at 10:41am  Like  3
Some days when mist covers the mountains, when the muskrats won't show and the microscope's mirror shatters, I want to climb up the blank blue dome as a man would storm the inside of a circus tent, widely, dangling, and with a steel knife claw a rent in the top, peep, and, if I must, fall.
cant  breath
cant breath
Ian Jessee
April 5
i think i have gynecomastia.
WAIT WHAT DOES THIS MEAN
Ian Jessee God is good! All is exactly as it should be in this moment April. I was reading excerpts from The Imitation of Christ, by Thomas  Kempis, dealing with temptations. How to be on the watch for, usefulness of, source of, how they reveal who are, how they enter and overcome us, the pain of temptations, and the way to true delight, defeat old habits, and our need for God. It shared this bible selection.
April 2 at 10:01am  Like  2
WHAT IN THE HELL IS THAT
TEMPTATIONS
oh that's a condition where males develop female breast tissue.
an Jessee
March 25 near Charleston, WV
" People seem willing to look all over the place for this treasure. They will spend hours launching prayers into the heavens. They will travel halfway around the world to visit a monastery in India or to take part in a mission trip to Belize. The last place most people look is right under their feet, in the everyday activities, accidents, and encounters of their lives. What possible spiritual significance could a trip to the grocery store have? How could something as common as a toothache be a door to greater life?
No one longs for what he or she already has, and yet the accumulated insight of those wise about the spiritual life suggests that the reason so many of us cannot see the red X that marks the spot is because we are standing on it. The treasure we seek requires no lengthy expedition, no expensive equipment, no superior aptitude or special company. All we lack is the willingness to imagine that we already have everything we need. The only thing missing is our consent to be where we are."  reading An Altar in the World: A Geography of Faith.
hahahahahahaa
dude like
i just read this stuff to my coworkers
and mike explained the triange thing
hahahahaha
so like
he was dating this guy who goes to my school that's in the nurse practiconer program for like A LONG TIME
and I think when they ended it
THAT
is when he snapped
what
really
hahahahaha
dude
ask the guy
seriously
probe him
PROBE HIM HIS
HEAD
hahahahahahahahahaha
Ok I see the pocture of the dude doing yogo or w/e
that's the guy he was with
lolol
omg lololol
"that body is driving him insane, if you know what i mean......SEX"
"How could something as common as a toothache be a door to greater life?"  These are the REAL questions.
I SEE THE PHOTO OF THE STATUE
I THINK THAT IS SAINT SEBASTIAN
WHY WAAAAAAAAASSSS
THAT HIS PROFILE PIC
hahahahahaha
(JUST DID A QUICK GOOGLE SEARCH)
OMG
RIGHT
he used to dj
this is so much funnier now that he's in his late 30s
dude remember when he accidently hit a dj track in class
and it went
HAHAHA
YES
HOLD ON *spin* HOLD ON
i cant stop laughing
i wonder if hes nice now
or if hes still a cock sucker
i mean yes
well im sure he is
he's nice
but you know what i mean
hahayes
hes nice now?
I saw him at symphony sunday
for real?
like, not snide nice?
judging you silently nice?
I'm not sure
he may have just developed better social skills
omg
Ian Jessee
April 16
Morning class complete with lavender aromatherapy. Namaste!  with Angela Choong at Pilgrimage of the Heart Yoga.
Namaste!
hahahahaha
dude
thats so douchey
i hate that
wanna know a scret
yus
the other day
I went through mug shot websites to make sure he wasn't arrested
hahahaha
HAHAHA
honest to god
I expected to find a DUI
reminds me
josh has been to jail
help me find his mugshot
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH WHAAAGTT
OK
for what
no let me find out
okay
he's not existant
a joshua beane was arrested in vermont on a warrant put out in st albans once
no photo
dude he wasn't arrested
or was he
waht did he even do?
yes he was
i ran a background check
you didn't pay for that did you
hahaha
no it was one free one every month
i know he did
the guy was 36
it happened here
in like 2006
What did he do?
some officers supposedly were harrassing him
he was probably drinking
and he mouthed off to them
Oh so nothing too interesting haha
i mean
i bet it was SUPER interesting
hahahaha
I mean
I dunno
that sounds pretty boring
hahahaha
him yelling at cops
and being arrested
sounds hilarious
like
someone can finally win the argument
with jail
hahahahahaha
HAHAHA
TO WIN WITH HIM
YOU MUST BE ABLE TO SEND HI MTO JAIL
yes
thats what has to happen
he has to be put in bars
and separated from his opponents
like a dog
like the dog I learned about in psych. We put him in a cage, and give him a foot shock when he tries to leave the corner. Then after we stop shocking him, he'll just sit down and cry rather than trying to move
keep in mind in this situation, i have total power and he is a dog human
omg
did you really
do that to a dog
in class
nope
learned about it though
hahahahaha
good
apparently now
its]
"illegal"
and "unethical"
but josh seems like an exhibitionist maybe being hurt with electricity would excite him if we had an audience
HAHAHAHAHAHA
WHERE AM I GOING WITH THIS
hahaha
who even know
*oh, michael*
*laugh track*
I desperately think we should use a device to give josh a foot shock
all i have to do
is buy him shoes
bam
with a device inside
that delivers a footshock
(u thought this was all metaphorical)
no i didnt
i was saying
we could implant the device
OH
and then
take him to brunch
HAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHHAHAAHAAHAHAHA
and make him dance
HELP
DANCE FOR US CLOWN
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAAHA
and push him in to the corner
HAHAHAHHAHAAHAHa
DANCE
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
"we could implant the device" AND THEN
HAHAAHAHAHHAHHah
help me
hahahahaha
i thought youd enjoy that
phrasing
I DID SO MUCH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
hahahahaahahh
hahahahaha
your laughter
is my laughter
LAUGH WITH ME
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAAHHAAHAH
AHHHHHHH
HAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHA
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
INTO THE MOONLIGHT
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
AHHHHH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
*AHHHH OOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*
*turns into nightcraler*
*Crawdad*
*filet*
"lobster"
"cuddlefish"
*scallop*
PRAWN
you have to take this personality quiz
its actually accurate
read this part of mine
You feel tense, jittery, and nervous and often feel like something dangerous is about to happen. You may be afraid of specific situations or be just generally fearful. You feel enraged when things do not go your way. You are sensitive about being treated fairly and feel resentful and bitter if you think you are being cheated. You tend to lack energy and have difficult initiating activities. You do not feel nervous in social situations, and have a good impression of what others think of you. You feel strong cravings and urges that you have difficulty resisting. You tend to prefer short-term pleasures and rewards over long-term consequences. You experience panic, confusion, and helplessness when under pressure or stress.
link me
that is all true
LNINK
its called
learnmyself.com
doin in
it
oh no
I'm done
here goes the repoty
report
the report is SO in depth
and 100% accurate
what was your personality tyoe?
I want to compare
haha
i didnt tell me
its just giving me scores
and describing me
hahahaha
it told me "The Commander (BEOGD)"
OH MY GOD
HUNTER
THESE CATEGORIES
ARE USED TO DIAGNOSE PERSONALITY DISORDERS
thats definitely what i would have gotten.  in the "success" or whatever category, most of my answers were ranked at 99
O.C.E.A.N.
IT'S THE PNEUMONIC I USE
THE BIG FIVE
HAHA
obsessive compulsive empathy ? and narcissism?
Neuroticism

Extraversion

Openness to Experience

Agreeableness

Conscientiousness
huh
i got josh to take it
yesssssss
my type
The General (REOGD)
HAHA
COMMANDER AND GENERAL.
omg
thats so
awesome
whoa dude
I got 97% contentious, 61 openness, 67 extroversion, 25 neuroticism, and SIX FOR AGREEABLENESS
AM I REALLY THAT DISAGREEABLE
i got 17
hahaha
it says I'm super extroverted which I'm not sure about
i am 97 neurotic
and 99 conscientious
OF COURSE YOU ARE 97 NEUROTIC
hahaha
shut up
hahahahaha
omg
trust....1
morality....40
modesty....ZERO
hahahahahaha
cooperation 27 and altruism 15
I am a bad human being
well
I did get 88 for sympathy
my morality
is 0
on the purple bars
on that page i got
no lower than 95
on anything
except
HAHA
god
i got a 52 on cautiousness
I just looked at me "self contentious" page
I got like above 90 on everything except deceitfulness
I got a 2
which apparently means that I have no moral regard for rules
which I'm not so sure about
Wow ok
it's basically saying that I'm so success oriented that I would slip through rules or walk over people
HAHAHAHA
THANKS
mine is like that except my emotionalness made it tip towards the less cut-throat side
hahaha
because i do have a lot of sympathy
You do.
I have a lot of
LIES
FILLED WITH LIES
fake sympathy. So i don't look like a hypocrite
ahhhh
i see
hahaha
Of course I feel bad for homeless people with bipolar disorder, it aligns with perfectly with my views. I think it's bad, but I don't personally give a shit.
so it's more
empathy
HAHA what are your "Strengths" vs "weaknesses"
OMG it tells you who you're like
near the end
???
i missed that
dammit
you got to the part
where it asked for money
and exited
instead of clicking next again
i clicked next but unclicked all the money boxes
it foiled me
DAMN
well guess who I'm like
this is hilarious
hmmmm
i cant guess just tell me hahahaha
"muhammad"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
SIGMUND FRUED
yes!!!!
so true
hahahahahahahaha
AL GORE
"sex dick"
JACK WELCH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
EXCEPT MY CIGAR
WTF
how is matt damon a part of this
he's not like
a big thing
your cigar is just a replacement for a S E X  D I C K
hahahahaha
it says I'm like mat damon
HAHAHAHAHAHA
NO
IT ALSO SAYS
JOSH EMAILED ME HIS RESULTS
RUSH LIMBAUGH
HAHAHAHAAHAHA
YES YES YES
WHAT'S IT SAY
i didnt get the email hold on...
.....the prodigy
well what are his numbers?
the email didnt go through or something
i dont know
haha
ok
You can start calling me Muhammad Limbaugh by the way
I basically call myself god every day
so none of this comes as a surprise
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
seriously
half the time I say it I kind of feel like god
hahahaha
I MEAN
MUHAMMAD
he's going to send me a screen shot
yes
YES
you must share
IM TRYING HOLD ON JESUS
HAHAHAHA
YES
OK
i think he emailed it to me
under the name
oh no
H E N R Y
HAHAHAHAHAH
WHAT.
WHAT
HAHAH
WHAT.
WHO
he says he doesnt find it particularly accurate
I didn't either
whatever
mine was spot on
(mine was too)
I'm just playing into what it said
I DEFY IT
hahahaa
https://www.learnmyself.com/Personality-Report?x=sPIx3x3275284-3170454xs4hj2x3&e=1
heres "henry"
i see whaat you meant now
what I'm confused about
is why
he thinks the government is tracking his personality I bet
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
You feel tense, jittery, and nervous and often feel like something dangerous is about to happen. You may be afraid of specific situations or be just generally fearful. You feel enraged when things do not go your way.
IM DYING
hahahahahhahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
ME TOO
You often have a strong sense of direction in life, but may sometimes be too single-minded and obsessed with your work.
I think that's true of him.
OMG
HIS TOP THREE STRENGTHS ARE
LOVES HELPING OTHERS, HARD WORKER, AND COMPASSIONATE
his weaknesses: THERE ISN'T A NUMBER ONE BECAUSE HE PICKED THE NEUTRAL ANSWER TOO MANY TIMES
OVERWHELMED BY CROWS, SLIGHTLY PARANOID
HAHAHA
hahahahaha
this is so accurate
wow 99% depression
he is like
GHANDI
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
and several irrelevant philosophers
HENRY
*H E N R Y*
hahahaha
one of these philosophers was secretly gay I think
Wittgenstein
hahahaha
He was bisexual or something
LIKE JOSH
hahahaha
ed norton
hes like ed norton
and marilyn manson
hahahahahahaha
I'm not seeing those
I'm beginning to question the validity of this
do you see
Cate Binachett
omg dude
lordmacbayne:  Henry Thistlewicke is one of my internet nom de garres
why
why wouldn't he just say
personas
BETTER YET
WHY AT ALL
he is a character
he cannot play himself
hahahaahahaha
dude
he had SUCH a high level of neurosis
it was troubling
does it say that? hahahahahaha
like 89%
I'm much more calm and collected than I thought, hahaha. THANKS TEST
did it say you had a large imagination ?
i dont know
yes
yes it didi
Our conversations warranted some kind of investigation into that
I mean
hahah
hahahaha
somethings wrong with me
DONT
well
but
i clicked one of those stupid
TWENTY FUNNIEST AUTO CORRECTS that pops up in the news feed even though no one posts it
and it's so stupid
but I'm laughing uncontrollably
hahahahaha
dude ive gotta get ready to go
b/y/e
vendor pre-set-up and then dinner with ariel and them
later bruthuh
/b/ ye
Ian Jessee at The Art Of Shaving Downtown Portland
25 mins  Portland, OR  
Time got the royal shave




Enjoy this later.
HHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yes.
Matt has called me again to tell me about leachies
HAHAHAHAHAHA YES. Does he remember the full genus and species?
I don't remember exactly what he said really....haha
He was so fascinated haha
I bet he was hahaha
enjoy your pot using! don't overdose!!!!!!!!!!!!! praying 4 u
HAHAHAHAHA
i hate easter
4/20 is the same as every day for me
hahahahaahaha
except if i get the munchies
I hate easter too
here's why:
i can go eat someone else's food
Every saturday before easter, since the dawn of man:
25 million guys scatter at JC penny, ripping each other apart for the perfect pastel polo
THAT IS WHY
ALL OF THE DUDES IN PASTEL POLOS AND RAY BANS WORSHIPING CHRIST AND THEN FUCKING COCAINE
OH MY GOD
ENJOY THIS
Sam Shelton
17 secs  
Hey stoners, its 4/20! i bet a lot of you are blazin even now as you read this. do you know what Jesus did on 4/20 some 2000(ish) years ago? He came back from the dead. screw you hippies!
.....
is he serious?
yes
he became a christian
it's not irony
hahahahahahaha
he quit smoking for god
jesus christ hahahaha
my rebuttal
TOKE FOR CHRIST
RESIN HITS FOR THE LORD
I want to comment on sams status
and say
" do u wanna get high later 2 day? my mom is out of town"
I wonder what would happen
hahahahahahahahahahaahah
hahahaahahahahaha
jesus
cant breath
hahahahaha
so chris was unaware that people wore special easter clothes
which i cant believe
yeah
PASTELS
HAHA
patel
lolololol
CHRISSSTIAAANSSSS *powering up to super saiyan sound*
Chrsitians ruin everything
planned parenthood
holidays
awake third trimester abortions
dude
gay orgies
im being serious right now
oh no
when i went to have my abortion, i walked into the jesus "dont abort your kid building" and they tricked me into thinking it was the doctor's office
and they started telling me how my child was a precious soul and life and shit
and im like, no its a cluster of cells
and i left
holy fuck
the tricked you into walking into an unknown building
WHAT THE HELL
yes dude
THAT IS *NOT* OKAY
they had a buzzer on the front
and i rang it
WHAT THE FUCKING SHIT
yea and they let me come in
THAT'S DECEPTION
and then once i was in there
some old christian dude came out and was talking to me and giving me pamphlets, and chris was there
and chris is like
i dont think this is the right building
and he's like, i think god led you into the right building today
hahahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH
elohim stopped god
i was like
this is the worst thing ever
i hate you
hahaha christ
eventually i found the right building
but they are
RIGHT NEXT TO EAVCH OTHER
that is so celver
I have to hand it to them
I bet your situation happens ALL of the time
i know
it made me made for every time it happens
i wasnt upset
so
i was just annoyed
*mad
remember MTV's "made"
no
lol
i never watched mtv
except for BAM
>/\3
i dont know what thhat is
It's someone with a unibrow, a long pointy nose, and a cat snout
look at it sideways
it was an attempt at some sort of
heartgram looiking thing
i dont know
#4/20
<3 (triangle, turned sideways bisecting the triangle)
there you go
yep
thats what it was
hahahaha
LOVE FOR DEVILS
hahahaha
YOURE COMING BACK IN 8 DAYS
ILL SEE YOU
ON THE 29TH
that is valid
you win cash prize
yayayayaya
haha
my dad invited me to some easter thing
yea right
thanks for mentioning the expo
i should reply "oh, it went really well, thanks!"
and just be passive aggressive
but im going to ignore him instead
sounds good
I took an allergy pill and I still can't breathe
HOW LONG DO THESE TAKE
hahaha
i dont know
a million years, maybe
a lightyear
of star command
hhahahaha
yes
i think im going to go to chris' parent's for dinner
because they came to the show
and spent money
and were nice
and im hungry
all valid reasons
yes
must shower now
*over and out*
*slime*
hahahahaha
I have something to amuse you.
an Jessee
22 hours ago via YouTube
MMMMMmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMmmmmmm......MMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!

Deitra Hicks also Datra Hicks sings in court LMAO
Uploaded by Vernswag
http://www.torontorappers.com/
Daniel Cummings was with Ian Jessee and 2 others.
16 hours ago
Like  
6 people like this.

Ian Jessee MmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmMMmmmMMMMMMmmm....
14 hours ago  Like
Hahahahahaha what the fuck
MMMMMMMMmmmmmMmMMMMM
to everything
That ramblings of a loon
MmmmMMMMMMMM
Yo yo yo
"yo"
What's up yo
just woke up recently
so nothing
but i am forced to see my mom today
and attend a late birthday party for my dad
Wow
I am sorry
Haha
nan
(For good luck)
thank you patches
man i am just
tired
stil;l
lol
Do meth
yea thats probably the best solution to my problem
i dont know how i didnt think of that first
lololol
HAHAHA
patches has created a new amphetamine
It's called life is rough
It's neurotoxic
HAHAHAHA
*takes a helping dose of "life"*
*dies*
Hahahahagaga
The quote within the asterisks
TOO MUCH FOR PATCHES
patches way of speaking is reminiscent of ET
COINCIDENCE
Or not
so bam margera *what will he do next?  whatever the fuck he wants!* has a new television show
Hahahahaha
Dear god why
I'm tired of him
What is he
45
its a
***G A M E  S H O W *
Show about a wife that later divorces him?
Omg
Game show
This could be interesting
Heard of Steve Carells new game show thibg?
NO
WHAT
TELL
He gets comedians together in created sets and has them do sketch comedy in REALLY WEIRD environments. Such as a room tilted at 22, or complete darkness
LOOK IT UP IT'S WONDERFUL
WHAT OMG IS IT GREAT
whats it called?
Don't remember sadly
Just heard it last night
come on fucknut
(hahahahahhaahah)
Dude
Google steve carrell game show funny
You know how to use the internet
Ass hole
Im eating pasta salad with my wife
(Not married)
well chris says its called riot
and he cant find it
it premieres in may
Yeah
I know
well wtf man
hahaha
I mean i didn't say it was running now
I just said
HAVE YOU HEARD
I'M SORRY
I HAVE BET RA YED YOU
*patches slashes ashes*
Mom's spaghetti
hahahaha
i just friend requested michael tighe
my favorite thing is telling him hjow successful i am
because he used to shit on me for dropping out of school
and then he did
Well you've made something out of it
If you drop out and DONT that's when you get shit on
You need a good reason for it
To justify it
He did not have one I'm sure
no he was being abusive to his parents and them to him so he dropped out
hes an idiot
Wait he abused his parents
Can I laugh at that
yes
laugh hard
he like, hit his mom or pushed her down some stairs or something
Omg
What a weasel
Wrong word
I have a word disordwr
*lives*
hahahahahahaha
travis is on his way here i guess
i need to shower and SHIT
not literally like
you know
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
http://www.travelchannel.com/tv-shows/ghost-adventures/which-ghost-adventures-crew-member-are-you
Yes its a term people use
I've made the same mistake. Never say and shit when describing the process of getting ready
Can't on my phone
I bet I'm zachs macbook
Hahaha you're nick
100%
I don't know the show too well
Is that bad
Wow what a general question
Is that "bad"
My mom just talked about reptiles at me like 20 minutes and then talked about how you were very professional, charismatic, knowledgeable without being arrogant, and helpful. She then proceeded to tell me how she would be fine with having a snake.
She would never say that.
So apparently you're very good at this
haha
(the snake thing)
Awwwww :D
That's awesome!
She had nothing but good things to say. Matt had nothing to say to me except "leachies"
hahahaha
Hahaha yes!!!
My mom wants to get a chameleon next month. I told her that if a snake bit me I would panic and beat it to death.
Is that fear?
Id say so.
I'm not afraid of holding snakes, it's just, I'm afraid that if one bit me, I would not react appropriately if that makes sense
lolol
Chameleons can be pretty advanced when it comes to care though, so just tell her to do her research
Yeah I know. I've heard you say that before. *memory*
*conversations*
Hahaha I'm sorry I've been driving all day and looking at cars and dealing with family lol
How's the fam
Doing good, they're gonna cosign for my car and help me out haha
Also josh just now officially hit on me
What?  What happen?
"if you don't mind me saying, that's a pretty cute picture of you.  something about your expression.  cracks me up."
Maybe he's just trying to be friendly?
What do you want it to be?
I have a quick fix
Hahaha I don't know it doesn't matter
Just flattering
Okay haha. My quick fix was to say "that is a good picture" therefore validating that it was a friendly gesture because I am a friend
I HATE WHAT HAS JUST HAPPENED
FOR ONCE IN MY LIFE
OMG
I HAVE SALSA OK
I just said thanks and changed the subject
HAHAHAHA
Salsa
AND THE CONTIANER
IS SHAPED SO IT'S REALLY WIDE AT THE TOP AND THIN IN THE MIDDLE AND LARGER AT THE BOTTOM
HOWEVER
THE OPENING AT THE TOP
IS NOT BIG ENOUGH FOR A CHIP
I AM PLACING THE SALSA ONTO CHIPS WITH A SPOON
Oh nooooo
Pour some out lol
on to my not plate
OK
THERE IS NO SOLUTIOn
I will create a chip ranch cocktail mash bolus and administer it to myself. BY WAY OF VEIN.
Hahahahahaha ga no don't shoot up salsa lard
Patches is telling me too
patches is a hallucination
Hahaha
My mom talking about smoking weed
Lololol
oh no
hahaha
what'd she say
She's talking about how she doesn't know how to watch tv when she's high because she can't understand when to laugh
HAHAHAHAHA
has she always smoked? or is it just a more recent thing?
She smoked like once in 25 years
She wants more weed
OH
HAHAAHA
OK
She was bitching about me avoiding her and I was telling her I isolate myself because people stress me out and she kept bitching so now I'm sitting in the car
Oh wow
Yea I almost lost my shit
She won't the stupid divorce thing so after blabbing about it for half an hour she makes me listen to her (barely) read her entire court letter bullshit that's written in legal jibberish
I totally get that. Sounds like bellas mom. Actually I was in an IDENTICAL situation
I'm sorry
Does it make me a bad child for leaving her inside with Chris?
Not unless you don't plan on going back in. In which case it's selfish because you're with chris. If you were alone, not so much. Just cool off and go on back
Don't leave him to the wolves
Haha
But I feel like Chris is a pussy if he can't leave
Like
Ojay
You know?
I do things like this all the time
You're testing him
It's BAD to do that
Haha
I just really am tired of getting him out of situations
He doesn't ever stand up for himself
Then talk about it don't scapegoat your nutcase mother
For the reptile show my friend Kristen and her husband Vince came up, and they went to dinner with us and stuff
It's about you guys
And
I was kind of upset
Because they are a mirror image of our relationship
I can see how that would he upsetting
But the thing is
Except for, Vince is a marine so that Kristen can stay home and be an artist and raise geckos and he does so much for he
Her
He is such a gentleman
And I'm like
A workhorse
You can change in whatever you want you just have to have intention, and the capacity to do it effectively
I know
Thay must bother you
But the reality is you aren't like them.
She saw something she wanted at their mall, and he went back and bought it, and told the sales clerk not to say anything, and she went back and was upset that someone bought it, and then he gifted it to her
It made me realize how little attention I'm getting
And they're married
And she still gets more attention than I do
You're in a rough spot in your relationship
You either get through it or you don't
The truth of it is
EVERY relationship has then
M
I don't remember Chris treated me like I was that special since we were dating. He just acts like I'm the best thing in the world when he gets in trouble.
*treating
What am I doing wrong that a married couple of basically the same age is doing a million times better than us, and the chick doesn't even have a job
He won't come outside and I want to go home
You aren't doing anything wrong. You're just looking at someone who you perceive to be "better off" than you emotionally and wondering why you aren't where they are.
Go inside and get him.
He's not gonna stand up to her.
She's your mom
no matter how insane
That is your call i think
He did when she wanted some weed from him, but he won't stand up for ME
Dude
There are some deep issues here
I'm just letting you know
I consider myself I pretty good problem solver
and I don't even know if I can grasp all of this without hearing both of you give your side of it
I honked the horn
well good then
A little passive aggressive, but she had it coming haha
Chris had it coming. When your ride leaves, so do you
I'm not his fucking chauffeur
Wait dude
I know
but you're getting worked up
just wait
I am upset
Chris is not going to get up and leave your mom
like I said.
it's your mom, and he feels like he needs to respect what she wants basically
Oh no
no
no
that doesn't fit.
AGH
That's just how most guys brains work.
He stood up to her when she wanted weed from him
Maybe he's interested then
Now I've been sitting in the car for an hour waiting on him
I'm getting so mad
Question.
I know you were just in going to the car to chill out
BUT
In terms of dealing with this situation
Do you think being the one sitting in the car gives you the upper hand?
WAIT
I am getting my "be a good friend" advice intertwined with my real advice
IGNORE ME
I AM SO FUCKING ANGRY THIS IS MY EVENING THAT HAS BEEN TOTALLY WASTED
I know.
There's just not much you can do about it now, except literally go in and get him. Say it's getting late
I might honk again
He's being a dickface
Wasting my time
My battery will die soon
I'm so fucking angry
I hate my mom
Don't punish yourself because you're angery
that's kind of what's happening
I'm not going to knock on the door because mom will answer
Here he comes
You don't know until you try.
ok
well good.
Don't yell.
Just ask him what took so long
and accept his explanation
and discuss it
.
please.
haa
washed out calms me down
because
i dont know what to do about my ambition
it will keep me from ever being happy
Yes
That makes a lot of sense to me
chris said this
well he said "satisfied"
but thats the same as happy pretty muchj
He said he's satisfied? Is that what you mean?
no he says he feels like a failure
he says that
vince is not happy kristen doesnt work
but also
that kristen demands much less of vince because she doesnt have my ambition
The dynamic is clearly different for them
I don't think you should make comparisons
Just focus on what you want your relationship to be
i had to speak my mind
I know
or i was going to crash my car
O course
I getcha
So it panned out....okay??
i mean
im listening to washed out
so now i feel better
I love washed out
im listening to within and without
so good
just
it makes my soul feel good
YES
I know right
thats the only way i can decribe it
describe
oh btw
i saw sam shelton
pulled over on the dunbar bridge
by like 4 cops
i dont know why
but the assclown was blocking up traffic
josh's facebook
now
hahahahaha
could i work at highland doing something?
If you're willing to quit smoking you can work as a BHT like me. I'm certain. It depends if there's a pay increase in my opinion
whats the pay and is it full time?
how often do they need people?
They always need people who aren't idiots. The pay is like 8.47 an hour, 9 on the weekends and like 9.50 over night on the weekends. You could work full time. But do keep in mind they do an initial drug test. My mom likes you and that goes a long way over there.
okay well i could stop smoking, i just wont buy anymore weed
chris works 11-7 here so i would need to work overnight i guess
ND you can sign up for as many extra shifts as you want, that's another bonus. Most of the bhts are bone heads and literally not qualified to work digging graves. They would worship you haha.
Overnight pays more
I don't remember the exact amount
I'll find out details for you
please please do
because i am sick of this job
how is working there, what would i do, what are restrictions?
You basically supervise patients on different wards and take them from place to place. You report to the floor nurse or doctor. It's VERY interesting according to my mom hahaha. And what do you mean restrictions?
uniform, tattoos and stuff, cell phone policy?
Also you'd need two references.
OH
None of that's an issue
and what kind of references?
Just names of people that could vouch for you. "She's a good person she'd he a good employee"
okay good
so
if your mom can get me in there
ill put in my two weeks as soon as i know for sure i could work there
because im tired of ccrying every day
no one appreciates me
I know. You would be on your feet and not wanting to kill yourself constantly. They would appreciate someone who isn't a total moron working there. They need more people with common sense and decency
Which you have haha
how do i apply?
also, can i schedule the drug test for when i know im clean?
or something?
Online. And I would just stop smoking Now.
Like at least see of they call back
so is there a shift where i could pretty much just work nights?
Yeah. Night shift. They probably need more people on that anyway
thats amazing
like seriously
i cannot thank you enough for letting me know about this
Apply on highlands website and I'll let someone know you're doing it. Do you think that your boss would give you a good recommendation?  Or is he gonna be sour?
is there any opportunity for advancement in that position?
he would give me a good recomendation
someone here will
if i make sure to put in my 2 weeks and everything
Well no. You have to take cpr and stuff but they pay you for it. Your a certified nursing assistant technically.
oh okay so they train you on the job
to be "something" officially
Well they offer classes at certain times on that stuff which for oriebtation you are required to do and they pay you for every hour you're there
oh cool
so like
paid anat/phys
Yes. You need to learn to check BP and do cpr but it's a class taught at work essentially haha
i know how to do both of those things im pretty sure, positive on the BP part
Good. Theb it won't be a problem. The idea is more of a certification type deal.
so essentially, it's a job where im responsible for the safety of others but i myself will not really be micromanaged and i can work pretty much any hours
More or less yea
are the people who are in charge of the whatever you called it that i will be, mean?
No. My mom may be your boss sometimes. My mom has friends who work on other units too. It just depends if your working on adult, teen, children's,  tween, rehab ect
They are all nice
thats amazing
i will apply when i go home
dont want to on a work pc
Sounds good haha yeah
I'm on good terms with the guy who hires people too. He likes me. So that's a plus. I can mention you
thank you so much
if i get the job, im going to be seriously eternally grateful
i want to be able to walk around
and not get yelled at for things
i dont want to be the face of ticketmaster
i hate this
Yeah. Sure. I'll talk to my mom about it later and get her input.
thank you so much
youre really the best
im gonna message chad and talk to him about it
because isnt that what he does?
Yes.
and what is it called again?
the position?
BHT
which means?
behavioral health tech
oh i like that lol
so you make the most money on night weekends, and then second most on weekday nights?
Yes.
Exactly
and im guessing that at night
everyone is asleep?
so you just walk around?
Mostly everyone is asleep. Things can happen I guess.
hahaha "things"
the best would be if i could work like, 4 ten hour nights and then extra hours when i can
that would put me at about what i make now
Yeah ok cool. They make you work a shift or like maybe three shifts every other weekend if I understand anyway.
I can't remember
maybe it's contingent on if you're full or part time
I'm technically part time but I'm going ot pick up extra shifts
i will work as many weekend shifts as i can
lol
i really really like working at night
it's so calming
i will work any day as long as its a night
and the plus side
everyone is crazy
so it's #fun and quirky#
so, like TM but without dickhead bosses with little man sundrome
some of the male docs are pretty shitty I've heard
but basically no
god I wish john still wroekd there
hahaha
what do you mean by shitty?
just smug and careless. Not like they're gonna be mean or anything
oh okay
so typical males
haha
i can deal
YES
hahaha
i hope i can get more info from chad too
because he works there now
question
the drug test
Yes
do they make you go to that one plkace to take it, in dunbar?
I'm not sure, why?
I mean it's a hospital, they probably do it in hosue lol
because its pretty easy to cheat on a planned one
don't
i just spent so much money on weed
just wait to smoke it
i feel like i shoudl smoke it all really fast
You know that sounds like a bad idea
hahahaa
READ IT
it's not only a waste of perfectly good weed
but
haha
no it doesnt, the more time you give yourself from the last time you smoked, the btter off you are
it stores in your fat and the longer your fat has to burn off
the better
well then smoke it all. whatever you think is appropriate. but don't cheat the drug test in any way. I feel like karma will some how get you for that
i know
i dont want to
do you think i could tell them like, if they offer me the job very soon, that i would love to have it but my boss wants me to give, like 3 weeks notice?  just to have time to burn everything off
but fuck theyre gonna drug test me as soon as the interview me
theres no way i can pass that any time soon
i can cheat SUPER easily
but i have to know exactly what day it is
because carrying pee in your pants is gross
Ok
so listen
They won't do it the day of the interview
Give your two weeks notice when they get back to you, and then stop everything. That is plenty time.
Say you can't do orientation until your two weeks are up
I mean
okay so they wont test me until i actually go in to start the job?
obviously that's true
Right
oh okay
say you work a lot at your current job and stuff
like nothing wil lstart yet
yeah
in that case, i can purge probably super well
ill just smoke all i can now
then start burning fat
with b12 and stuff
and then on the day of, i can just hydrate super well
and if theres any thc left, it most likely wouldnt register
yes because they aren't taking your hair
hahaha
ill just research home remedies to be safe as well
sounds good
yayyy
this is so exciting
that this desk and fuck it
im not working here for much longer
hahahaha
hopefully not
haha
i just
gah
everyone here is such a child
and no one can really help you
because no one cares
ticketmaster
here is my definition of ticketmaster
at highland, i wont even need any help with shit
"the place you work in between childhood and adulthood"
that's why everyone drives you insane
it's the first place people want to work
which means that there's a lot of immaturity
yea
very true
im maybe the most motivated person in this building
I assume so
itll be fun to work with chad
im assuming youre only working days?
most often yes. I'll take whatever extra shifts I can grab though
the thing that you hve to remember though
That a lot of people forget
is that working in that position is being part of a treatment team for someone who is sick. People don't take that idea seriously enough.
Even though the tasks can be mundane, it's not a joke
oh yea completely
i would take the job very seriously
my mom said one time a bht like started fucking disciplining a child based on her own personal values TOTALLY IGNORING the fact that the kid was mentally ill and NOT gonna respond to reason
like
WHAT
wow
so
im gonna be good at this job
hahaha
http://www.news10.com/link/692405/home-health-girl-mauled-by-raccoon-leaves-hospital-with-ear-on-arm
Yes. You've taken psychology, you understand what not to do. Fuck, you have a better understanding of mental illness than most people. What people often do is go in there and treat the kids like deliquents. EVen the adults sometimes...WHEN THEY RE NOT
omg
what is that
just read it lol
OMG
YES
and yea i mean, these kids may look like bad kids to other people but they are acting out because they have serious issues
I'VE HEARD OF THIS KIND OF THINGS
BUT I'VE NEVER SEEN IT
THAT'S AN EAR
GROWING
but yeah dude, a lot of them have been raped and stuff..
i learned recently
dont tell anyone please
travis was raped as a kid by older boys
oh dear
that's fuckign awful
yea it is
and it explains a lot
he told chris
not me
what does it explain?
just the way that he is
with relationships
OH
I see
so my coworker made me a big teal/purple blanket in the shape of a star
she crocheted it
it has teal tassles on the points
tassels
that's...interesting
it's like 5 or 6 dsifferent shades of purple and teal lol
chad messaged me back
or
"cas"
as he wants to be called
is that a name?
cassidy
cas
OH
ok
shortened
hes on FB as cas watson
Why not just cassidy
yea i call him chad, he never says anything but chris says he prefers cas
It's less confusing
ibecause cas is way less feminine and therefor easier for others to transition to
that makes sense
i guess
cas can be a male name in some situations as well
so its easier i guess for me too
Okay, I getcha
so what did 'cas' say?
not really anything so far lol
now that i cant buy any more drugs
i guess that means i get extra gecko time
question, any idea when it becomes a night shift and when it becomes a day shift>
yeah
day: 7-3 evening: 3-11 I think and night is like 11-6?
or 7?
i dont remmeber
11-6-ish sounds amazing
like seriously
haha
my mo mused to work those
and sleep until 2
what ill have to do
is go to work at 11
come home at 7, sleep until 10, take chris to work
come back, sleep until 6, go get chris
hang out with him until 10
and then go back to work
you'll need to get melotonin to sleep. You're rem cycle will be ALL messed up. It would work though it sounds like
i mean klonopins help me sleep
i can sleep when im tired enough
That's a rare gift
i mean
i have to be
Seriously haha
VERY tired
And you will will be I'm guessing
otherwise it isnt happening
yea
lo
chris is concerned about not getting to see me
but i mean, sometimes you have to deal with shit
He will see you. Plus sometines life just goes this way. I mean most weekends you'll have SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
If you can
So like
i would rather work weekends
more money
True
I'm gonna work a couple double shift weekends
chad says its not too awesome but he's managed to work there a year
lol
I wouldn't have hired chad. He sounds like a cool person,  but the kind of changes he's going through are...Less than ideal for mentally ill people and kind of super not ideal for young kids who've been abused haha
And I'm certain you'll be fine lol
yes i always wondered how chad even works there
because he has his own deep seated issues
That's true. But yeah I don't dislike him or anything but I do disagree with their choice to hire him haha. But yeah troubled people flee to troubled people
thats very true
i think i would do great there honestly
im so good with people
and i know how to deal with mental disease
Exactly
You deal with me every day
And I'm either delusional or CONSTANTLY MANIC
(Laughs like the joker)
hahahaha
so i figured out what josh was doing being all weird
Tell me
i hadnt talked to him fully for like a full 3 days, i had just sent like one or two messages
and i was kind of ignoring him, just because i wasnt thinking about him existing
and i think he realized that without me talking to him he is super lonely or something
HAHA
so like as soon as i start talking to him hes super talkative, friendly, complimenting me
hahahaha
Finally he realized
Your his friend
IT TOOK DEPRAVITY AND CRIPPLING LONLINESS
HE IS RISEN
He is jesus christ
i think he figured :hunter is always lookig for validation so if i want her to talk to me i should give her some"
so if i go without talking to him for long enough
he becomes super nice
.....yep
hahahaha
That's manipulative
Who cares
i know i dont
because it isnt manipulation...if im already ahead of him
now im the manipulator
That's what I mean
well
i have to manipulate him
because he wants me to
he just want say so
he likes the relationship we have
because he doesnt know what it is
and he enjoys that
i think
Our relationship is weird
We're best friends
but we're also each other's camp counselor
and drill sergeant
and basically sibling
We run our lives through one another
You can avoid a mistake with chris based on one i've made with bella
yes haha
we are
co=pilots in life
hahaha
matt
he just called me
well he's in cincinnati today with his class
but he called me
from there
and said
"I got you a book when I was at home. It's about neuroscience. You will enjoy it. You can have it when you get back, monday. See you later"
*Beep*
"Thanks ma-"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
chris finally got to meet him
He is so
and now he understands
declarative
OMG
HE DID
yes him and your mom lol
when the leachie was on him and he didnt know what to do with it, he was trying to gently pull it off his shirt, and he kept leaning further back the more he tried to pull it off
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
dude
he told me
that he gets' "other people's animals" anxiety
when is holding the animal of someone else, he get's freaked out and doesn't want to kill it or something. I dunno. He made it VERY CLEAR TO ME ON THE PHONE THAT HE'S NOT NORMALLY WEIRD AROUND ANIMALS
(dying) (help)
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i mean
he just doesnt want to hurt or disrespect someone's animal
It's just the way he says it
The concept isn't funny
I know
matt is just
the best
hahahahahah
He is so direct. He's affect is so flat. He is also declarative. The combination of these three facts, makes him humorous.
*computron computing*
"SEVEN"
he's like
the dude who does the weather
he hates the guy who does the news, because he's making jokes. He goes into work, says what needs to be said. Tediously follows his lines, giving the people only the information they need.
i mean
the special guy
who screams at the camera
declares
the weather
My tangent was unrelated hunter
that was just me being me
I know what you're saying
I just wanted weird commentary
hahahaha
im sorry
multitasking
have you seen the videos where they cut clips of brian williams anchoring the news into rap songs
no i have not
hahahaha
the newest one is gin and juice and it's wonderful
There's also a rappers delight
and a straight outta compton
How they time it so perfectly idk
but i do know someone spends ours cutting and pasting...hours watching him deliver news
hahahaha
no lifers
*neckbeards*
*basement dwellers*
*Neackbearding*
*clothes rip*
*patches ascends*
hahahahaha
*ascends*
he is *greeted* by a multitude of heavenly hosts#
they finish him
NO PATCHES NOOOOO
nan
but on the 3 rd day
he is risen
HAHAHAHA
yes
LOOK AT ITS MOUTH
the donut
Oh no
why god
why
fuck that
hahahahahahaha
its like
massaging
and
chewing
and
sucking
donut
filled with slime
it looks like someone twerking from inside his mouth onto the donut
look again
OH MY GOD
SLIME
WHY IS THAT OUR THING
IT IS AWFUL TO BE ON THE RECEIVING END OF THAT COMMENT
hahahahahaha
twerking
in his mouth
her legs are IN the donut, for extra #twerk support
HAHAHAHAHA
because turn down for what?
#amirite?
#twerkteam Charleston# #304!!!! lets do this shit!!!!!!!!!
I've seen that in a girls twitter bio.
there are not enough eyes in the world for me to roll at that
hahahahahahaha
" I have to stop rolling my eyes so dramatically, my doctor says that that my ocular muscle is going to spasm and eject my eyeballs"
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
i feel like mine might do that one day
I used to be afraid of my eyes ejecting
that's why they're never open fully
it's a childhood thing
rigid father
distant mother
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHA OMG
i am afraid of my heartbeat
and any poressure on my chest
at all
Is this going to be a pissing contest
here we go
I'm afraid I have a massive tumor on my amygdala and that's why I'm so anxious
I'm afraid that people are going to hurt me when they clearly aren't
so I'm always thinking about how I would counter someone
fuck
this is weird but when i sleep i have to sleep on my chest or on my side because if i sleep facing up the pressure of my boobs EXISTING makes me panic
HAHAHA
GUESS WHAT
WHAT
I SLEEP ON MY SIDE BECAUSE IT'S HEALTHIER. ONE DAY, I LOOKED UP WHY
DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY
WHY
BECAUSE ON YOUR BACK AND FRONT, AS YOU LAY DOWN
ALL OF YOUR ORGANS CRUSH EACHOTHER
FOR 8 HOURS
JUST SMASHING ONE ANOTHER
I FEAR DEATH BY THAT METHOD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
thats if you sleep on your back or chest?
yes
back then again
SCIENCE SAYS SLEEPING ON YOUR BACK IS GOOD FOR YOUR BACK
HOW SCIENCE
HOW
YOURE CRUSHING YOUR SPINE
hahahahahaha
YOU ARE
but which way is best
it's like which bear is best
we can't know
*great dane*
hahahaha
which bear is best
The Rhodesian ridge back
josh sent me a porn gif "on accident" and was just like no dont open that please im so sorry
hahahahahahahaha
oh my..lol
yea dude
it was like
lesbians
gahhhh
no
he said he meant to send it TO SOMEONE ELSE
bullshit
i got a new leachie ^^
didja see?
didja?
DIDJA?
NOPE I'll look I'm a bit though. Got finals tonight and tomorrow. 
DOIN TWERK
noooo
that means youll be
sucked in those books
of yours
im applying to highland right now
because i cannot stand to be so terribly micromanaged anymore
on the highland website, i cant find what to apply for
oh i found it
i think
Behavioral health tech
My mom says "activities department" is also good
same pay but you do crafts with the patients
lol
i need to work at night though
night children dont do crafts
Ok
Put my mom as a reference
She told me to tell you that
Trisha Terranova/3049326105/trishajg17@gmail.com
okay i will thanks so much
and like i said ill do my best with the drug test
ill just
take a bunch of supplements
NO
go sit in a sauna for hours
or something
If you don't plan on stopping
i am stopping
Do NOT put my moms name down.
im just saying
Ok
thank you
but stop and do whatever else you need to do
It's not like you cant start smoking again later
iim not concerned about it at all, the job is more important
im just concerned about passing the initial drug test
this application looks pretty good though lol
duties performed?  only
Sales phones, Sales online, Customer Service phones, Customer Service via email and online chat, monitoring of international social media websites for Live Nation/ Ticketmaster, escalated corporate customer service
HAHA
That's a mouthful
i mean, ive done a shit ton of work here haha
i may even be over qualified in some weird way
lolol
omg i can use josh as a reference, yes!
supervisor score!
Oh yeah!!!!
sweet
hahaha
im hoping i get this job
so bad
they want yer moms address
1658 franklin ave. 25311
okay
im thinking they probably wont even call my references if your mom is on there haha
they will.
They called all three of mine.
hahaha
hahahaha what
yeah.
do they ask weird question?!
no
let josh know about this btw
it would be wise
okay hahaha
dilemma
what is josh's relationship to me
lolol
coworker
or friend
either one works
he said to put
work associate
lol
put that
haha
i did
lolol
now i have to get his address
he wants to give me his work address (even though i know where he lives) is that okay?
yes totally
okay
who is my 3rd reference....
ARIEL
yep
that works well
hes KIND OF  abig deal
jajaja
DAMINT
I CANT TYPE
am i having a stroke
hahahahahahaha
seborrheic dermatitis
dermatitis?
help reassure me that highland will be a good job
new job situations make me nervous
It will be a good job. 1) I will be working there.
2) You will be working with my mom
3) It is a very interesting place to work
4) you will be good at it
i know even though i quit smoking im going to have to cheat on the piss test
and i know how to
but its nerve wracking
This might not be for another two weeks or so
you realize that right?
They didn't call me back for two weeks and they know me
lol
so they didnt call for two weeks, and then i can give a two weeks notice and get another two weeks?
i dont know ive been smoking for awhile, a month is probably not enough time to be clean, and i dont want to chance it and make your mom look bad
I have something to say about this
They're going to do a urine test
which is accurate two weeks out
Just make sure you drink plenty of water, which I know you do any way, and do any kind of exercise you can. Get rid of anything that's been metabolized and stored.
It can be detected in urine two weeks out
blood, one month
and hair obviously like 6 months
It will be urine
but ive failed piss tests before
it takes a long time for thc to exit your body
it picks up on it, and probably will for another month and a half to two months for me
Then wait until you know you can pass to put in your two weeks notice. Do everything you can to get it out of your system, and then test YOURSELF before you are ready to go in for orientation and getting an ID or anythhing
This is all contingent on when they actually cal lyou back
Like I said they didn't call me back for a week or two
yea i mean i may not be able to start later, they would probably want me to start no more than 2 weeks after they hire me, right?
Correct.
which may be three weeks to four weeks from now
which tells me
Exercise and drink lots of water and test yourself
there is no way around this
except like
okay this can all be solved pretty easily if you just answer a couple of questions
not applying yesterday
ok
ask
did they watch you pee?
do you get a stall to pee in?
I don't have the answer to either of those questions but I will next week.
What are you planning?
i mean, i know a fool proof way to get clean pee into a stall and into a cup
chris did it before
You have to tell me what it is now haha
Fucking ask what's his name about the drug test he's worked there like a year!!! Haha
a condom, hidden near your nether regions, so they definitely cant see or feel it.  you put a tack in your shoe.  go in the stall, pull out the tack, poke a hole in the condom, let the clean golden urine flow, and then youre done
I've heard of that before
Also
Ask chad about it
no i dont know if hes okay with any drug use
i dont want to tip off people that imc heating
What?
Oh
I'll let you k ow next week. But detox anyway. This could be a thing where they watch you, or something else so don't just depend on the cheating solely
yea i mean, if they watch me, i may just have to apply some other time.
i dont want to fail and have your mom responsible
That's what I'm saying. I believe if you would have waited a week or two to apply you could've gotten a head start
BUT
You're already this far in
So I'll let you know about what goes on
Just detox and/or formulate a plan
U til theb
Well and
Haha
We still don't know how long it will be u til they call and you even start
It could actually be more than a month
Lol
yea thats true.  do they have like...scheduled classes?  because if they havent scheduled one for awhile, they may wait to call me back
They do. That's why I haven't taken any they only occur on certain. Days of the month
Some rich college asshole is yelling at her mom on the phone about her travel visa
CHRIST
hahahahaha
so do you know when your class is?
they may put me in the same one
Not sure. I'll let you know
im going to see if they allow working 4 ten hour shifts
if i could work 4 nights, and then get some extra hours during days, that would be awesome
im just glad ill be working a job with more flexibility than this one
i have to work the same hours every day
no matter what lol
the reason i didnt go to college (besides me deciding not to) is because they refused to change my schedule to allow it
Yeah highland is much more flexible
do you know how they are with attendance and things?  im never late and i hardly ever call off
im just so nervous lol
ive been here a year and a half
They dock your pay if you're late. No fucking demerits or anything. And they like advanced notice or you being sick if you wanna call off
explain how they dock the pay?
like if you're 60 minutes late they subtract that from your pay check
oh.  well that's just.  common sense.
thats awesome.
hahaha
yeah
they don't give you a demerit
THAT SYSTEM ANNOYS ME
then how does one get in trouble working there?
You get suspended  I think. The higher up staff mediates disputes usually though.
If you're constantly late and calling off
well I think you're just fired
oh so if youre actually shitty at your job you get punished
lol
yes
well that sounds easy enough
i reeeeally hope i get this job haha
but it is comforting knowing i have TM to fall back on either way
Yeah that's true.
I do think that you'll get it
It's definitely time to move on to something else
You seem miserable at TM
i mean, the management is just becoming worse and worse and theyve started micromanaging us which they never did before, they change the rules of what we're supposed to say constantly, and theyre about to put us back on head sets
Oh god
I'm sorry
haha if someone tells me to do something, i can do it.  but dont tell me to do something, and then tell me im doing it incorrectly because you decide to change the requirements of the task
if he would just update our duties and properly train us on them, that would be one thing
but he doesnt, he just bitches
That sounds like a mess
yea i can put up with a LOT
but this is getting too bad
synergy
lolol
so i should have a new car by like
next week or so
nice synergy
synergy sounds like a type of car
haha
mindy is going to be able to get a bank loan thats going to help me SO MUCH, now i can just tell these car dickholes that i want the bottom dollar price and i can pay cash all at once.  thatll help me a lot, then ill just pay back that loan to mindy's bank
That sounds good.
But beware of late payments and penalties. You will end up not being able to buy reptiles and stuff really until you pay it off depending on the payment amount
It can be stressful
PLUS SIDE
you develop credit
and you have a working car
well here's how i see it.  i dont NEED reptiles.  i NEED a car.
so i can chill on the reptiles until it's paid off
plus the fact that im paying cash means that the price will be SUPER low and so will my payments on it
and when i turn 21 my insurance price will drop dramatically
OH YEAH
that's true
haha
I forgot
they hate teen
hahaha yes
they do hate all teen
who do you have as a car insurance provider
*state farm*
r u there
*am there*
hahaha
*am here*
hey when are your finals?
so you can be done and come back here
lol
mondee
two down two to go
WHOA
TO TWO
TWO TO TOO
*ballgame*
so
let me show you something
I'm going over grammar usage for this one writing class, and here is an example of comma usage
hahahaha
Tell me why this is troublesome
okay
I went to	Jenis and ordered a trio of	
Cinderella Pumpkin, Black	Coee, and Dark	 Chocolate.
actually there are about 100 reasons
that this statement bothers me
okay so josh might be hurt?
" lordmacbayne:  are you here?
 Sent at 12:14 PM on Thursday
 me:  i am
 lordmacbayne:  i have done something to my person.
 me:  what?"
what
he got hurt
nevermind, he did something to his hair
A TRIO OF INJURIES I'M ASSUMING
oh
hahahahahaha
he scared me
yeah that sounded like
well I think he did that on purpose
lolol
ANYWAYS
i couldnt find anything wrong with those commas
that im aware of
haha
EXPLAIN
It was the fact that it was so descriptive and used the term TRIO
Why would you assume it's it's about punctuation
Do you even know me
Are you mentally ill
HAHAHHAAH
i mean
firstly i have heard way enough of Jeni's adventures
so we can start there and tear it down
If I list fruits and ask you what they have in common will you tell me they all have one or more syllables
YOU DONT EVEN KNOW ME
i guess i just dont know you like i thought i did
STUPID FRUITS
Also the fruit thing is a common symptom of schizophrenia.  Hahahaha
Matt
WHAT DO THESE LEACHIES HAVE IN COMMON
"I want all of them"
HAHAHAHAHA
i love matt
and he loves leachies
He does
and he needs to be my 2nd best friend
jajajaja
NO MEXICO
They are soft like velvet
Apparently
they totally are
hahahahahahahaha
I WOULD NOT KNOW OF LEACHIE
dude how have you not held one of my leachies
THEY ARE GETTING SO BIG
I can't wait to go home and watch my cat and dog beat the shit out of each other
I WILL HOLD ONE THEN
I LOVE YOUR ANIMALS
i was telling your mom
that your cat and dog are the best
Hahaha
They are
They are like
i dont remember what she was saying but when your mom tells stories she tells them like you so i crack up so hard
Doped up on barbiturates
They are comatose
HAHAHAHAHA
I know she does
Her a tories are funny
She says 100000 irrelevant details before getting to the point but the details are more interesting than the point
yes they are
like
her talking about maria
hahahahaha
I have a good story about her
tell meh
Her friends and her smoked weed OUT FRONT and cussed at our new neighbors. Our land lord called. The new tenants moved out. We could have been evicted. There's no lease
WHAT
OMG
Idiots
THATS INSANE
they moved out just because your sister is so terrifying
why were they cussing at the neighbors??
YES
HAHAHA
Because they're insane
But really good q
HAHAHA "q"
I'm so suave
gah i have work to do, gimme a few
Me too
ello
hi dere
catsup
whats updog?
DO YOU EVER GET ON SUCH A ROLL THAT YOU SEARCH FOR TASKS TO COMPLETE BECAUSE YOU'VE DONE EVERYTHING SO WELL THAT DAY
I NEED SOMETHING TO VALIDATE MY ABILITIES
yes
i do that when i start cleaning
i will start in one area
I am on such a body high
and literally work my way outward
hahahaha
PROGRESS
SUCCESS
I dig your new garden
tHURRR HURRR HURRRRR
HAHAHAa
thank you
hahahahahaha
I do though
it looks a lot better
it does
i wante dto do one last year
just never got to it
i hate gardening when im forced to
like for my mom
but its my house and i want it to look nice
So it can be fun
lol
it's not a chore
yes lol
i wish i could be home feeding my animals
thats so much fun
oh im getting a baby jewled lacerta after work
jeweled
http://smg.photobucket.com/user/medusasowl/media/Reptile%20Expo/IMG_1613.jpg.html
they get big and theyre SO PRETTY
he actually looks like "lizard" from spider man omg
haha
hahahaha
yes
mines a bebe though
his name is gon be
Pixel
ariel brought me 4 of his cages, the instacage
OH YEAH
he designed them and had them made in china and stuff haha
I forgot about that
i have 4 shint blue aluminum ones
shiny
that's so awesome
wow
Even the process of doing that has to cost a good bit
I mean even though he'd make money off of it
http://www.magnaforceindustries.com/orderpage.html
the blue one is what i have
he said that his business partner at the time kind of fucked him on the cage
he had to send over a brand new design for it right before they took over his creative rights.  luckily they made it the way he asked.
wow that's good then
i think that's ariel's website lol
because he also has a patent on instavines
There's another website
yeah
yep
haha
which are just platic vines cut up, and melted through a magnet, and stuck on the top of the cage
I'm on another one that has those
definitley
HAHA
Really???
he told us how to make them
Interesting
he said we can, we have his permission
if we want
lol
he is so awesome
everything he does, he explains
like...shit that you wouldnt even think about that helps SO MUCH
he said, put two males together if you cant get the m to breed. theyll become territorial and start fighting, you separate them, and throw them back in with their females
instant mating
and im like
THAT IS SO FUCKING
NATURE
hahahahahahaha
That makes perfect sense but I would have never thought of that
hahaha
like
Wow
Manipulating the forces of nature
OK I C U
*we outchea*
HAHAHAHA
TURN DOWN FOR WHAT
i watched that music video
it isa
SO STRANGE
I love that song
hahaha
me too
its so
TRAPCITY
YS
also
I'm just now watching the video
I pretended like I did earlier because I like posting comments
hahaha
OH MY FUCKING GOD
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
OH Y GOD
OH MY GOD
its
INSANE
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHHAA
HAHAHAHAHA
I CAN'T BREATHE
CHRIST
i told youuuu
LITERAL CHRIST
FUCK JESUS
HELP ME
HAHAHAHAA
HELOP M3
hahahahahahaha
watch the boobsd
GOD DEVIL
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAAH
they move
independently
and
violently
I've seen that already
I'm totally talking about
the video chris posted to my wall
with hank hill saying turn down for what
oh my god
hahaha
thats different
and i said
that's why I couldn't breathe
send that to michael
that was me
lol
that was literally the hardest i've laughed
.....al day
thahahaha GOOD
the other day my dad told chris that wd-40 is "the nectar of the gods"
hahahahaha
no he didn't
*snaps*
he did
hahaha
did he realize what he was saying
i imagined you doing a sassy snapo
it was so not right
ehhh
yeah
chris is stuck cleaning at mom's today
the poor fella
What does that even mean
hahaha
she "pays" him to "clean"
which means he does whatever she asks
for measely money
measly
sounds delightful
is she a cougar
dude i dont know but he has terrible nightmares about her seducing him
and he tells me theyre just
terrible
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHHAHAHAAHA
I think that she is
other wise
wh y owuld she even ask this of him
SHE LIKES TO MAKE HIS HANDS ROUGH WITH WORK
no she likes having someone that she can literally make her house slave
because he cant drive off or anything
and im at work
HAHAHAHA
THATS SCREWED UP A LOT
she likes him
because he can't escape
he doesn't have a way to
and she knows he won't
she's protected.
yep
thats why
also when i cant deal with her, chris does
that's true
i.e.
the other night
olo
#lolo
lou only lived once
until god took him
lou reed
...to the basement
obv.
hahahahaha
why have i fetishized god
what is with that
im waiting for josh to get off work so i can assess how ridiculous he looks
hair chalk
like
HAHA
really
That's like something
a teen does
OH WAIT
PSYCHOLOGICALLY HE IS A TEEN
he wants to dye it but he doesnt want to be threatened with being fired for it again
I FORGOT
WE PSYCHOANALYZED HIM.
hahahahahaha
yes
like
adults dont use hair chalk
AND NEITHER DO MEN
Not even gay men use hair chalk
like
let's be straight
(laugh)
im afraid im going to see him and just start laughing
help me
If he wasn't such a social outcast you wouldn't have to worry about that
he's gonna approach you
like nothing is weird
you're right
you can't laugh
because he might not think it's funn
hahaha
i mean yea, the thursday after work thing.  the fact that he's going to act like it isnt weird is what is going to push me right over the edge
like, im laughing now
imagining
hahahaha
his hair
just thinking of it
hahaha
WHAT COLORS
PINK
HAHAHAHA
no
P!NK
he's a middle aged man
to match his pink bow tie -.-
that's not okay
nope
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
im dying
sometimes i want to remind him of his age
because that is ridiculous
he is middle aged
and dying his hair *pink* to "match his bowtie"
HAHAHAHAHA
I don't even want to discuss the psychological ramifications of that behavior
OH GOD
CANT BREATHE
i look crazy
so crazy
hahahahaha
WHO CARES
NOT AS CRAZY AS JOSH THOUGH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
HAHAHAHAHAHHAa
JOSH IS THE bad KIND of CRAZY
not the kind THAT capitalizes SOME WORDS BUT not OTHERS
im going to try to help him with the hair thing
because i would rather him dye his hair
than use
HAIR CHALK
tell him it should be a natural color because of his crows feet
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAH
OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OH GOD
HAHAHAHA
i'm playing this out so har
d
dude
I hope you know him when he's 40
i dont even
oh i will
I NEED YOU TO
FOR MY OWN PLEASURE
okay i promise lololol
so you can say
"YOURE 40"
only 4 more years man
jesus
hes old
hahahahaha
he's closer to prostate issues than he is graduating high school
so
he's old
i dont even know how to respond to that
hahahahahaha
"hahaha"
will suffice
okay good
oh my god
ask him if he has to get up a lot at night to pee
HE'S OLD
HAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
NO
STOP IT
STOOOOP
LET HIM COLOR HIS HAIR
HAHAHAHAHAHA
LET'S CREATE SOMETHING
YES
A "FRANKENSTEIN" IF YOU WILL
THIS IS OUR DESIGN
dude
just so you know
WE WILL CREATE SOMETHING DESIGNED TO DESTROY ITSELF
he's like, putty in my hands at this point
seriously
score
he will do anything
i told him that chris found a stash of not so safe for work photos of me, and he was going through and editing them, and sending them to me (this was disturbing in itself)
and he was just like
YOU'VE TAKEN PICTURES LIKE THAT?!?
YOU WEAR MORE CLOTHES THAN ANYONE I KNOW
-.-
i don't even understand the situation
he is just, obviously, so interested in me at this point hahaha
which tells me two things
HAHAHA
you sped through the details because it actually is embarrassing, and two, based on that you could have chosen a better story to illustrate your point.
he is interested
shut up i hate you
hahahahaha
I wish there was a rap song about an elderly work colleague that was interested in his daughter
i would sing it to you
while doing the dougie
jesus god no
hahahahaha
dude he's just
waiting
patiently
he thinks im gonna leave chris
no
lol
i know he does
hahahaha
hahahahahaha
this is ever so amusing then
yes it is
You have the upper hand
i do, finally
only took me like a year
totally worth it
omg get this
He is talking to you based on a false assumption, and the outcome of that assumption is something you have full control over. He thinks he's smarter than you. That's why he's sticking around. He thinks that you will leave chris, and that you don't know what he's doing
that makes it even more amusing
yes i know he thinks he has out smarted me
which is HILARIOUS
But obviously not
because he thinks he is soooo smart
Not only are you clearly smarter than him
but you tell me everything about your friendship. Two against one
YES
FIGHT
i had something to say...
hold on...
I REMEMBER NOW
speak
you know how he does like, the cartoon versions of himself and stuff?
what
hahahahahahaha
and the women he has had sex with
look at his FB
hold on
ok
and look through the photosd
I HONESTLY NEVER HAVE
OMG
PREPARE YOURSELF
SERIOUSLY
i just didn't care
haha
really?
YES
SO FUNNY
SO MANY LAFFS
anyways
WAIT
we went through his photos once
but never discussed these drawings
he said he is planning to edit a photo of me, in that style
which means he is fixated
im just like "that's cool i guess"
hahahahaha
I could say something that would really grind his gears based on a photo.
what?!?
He would have NO answer
He has a photo of the twin towers, and it says something witty about WHAT IF THERE WAS NO RELIGION. like alright. But based on his tumblr posts he claims to be really progressive. That photo of the twin towers, while invalidating religion is very islamophobic, which makes him a hypocrite and a liar
Also, I hate people who posts photos like that from like "ATHEISM ROCKS DOT COM"
like jesus
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
YOU ANALYZED HIM
SO FUCKING HARD
here's something else about him
okay
he picks and chooses his posts, photos, and comments based on what other people are saying. He doesn't care whether they're right, it's just to make sure he's properly associated wit ha group. He feels like an outcast. Otherwise he wouldn't be contradicting himself and dying his hair pink with chalk.
he wants to belong so badly
he had that with church
but not anymore
poor josh is sitting alone on the playground of life right now
picking at the grass
he is
crying
like this photo of super man and batman kissing, "THIS SHOULDNT OFFEND ANYONE ECT ECT" 

He gained nothing from posting that except validation from a group.
HE IS PICKING AT THE GRASS
the way he is
in person
just makes him seem like he is trying SO HARD
That's how he looks online.
LIke he's trying way to hard
to get people to pay attention, to get people to understand him
I mean....
the way he talks with his hands
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=457073863398&set=pb.596733398.-2207520000.1398369259.&type=3&theater
and very loudly
its a cry
hahaja
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THATS SO
CRINGE WORTHY
i cant stop laughing
I could tell he was attention starved the moment he engaged me about neuroscience at the party. Drunk or not, he had nothing to contribute to a conversation about it, but wanted me to think so badly that he did.
like idc if he knows about it
i don't give a damn
bahahahahaa i remeber that
but he wants to be known, for knowing
remember
yes
and the bach thing
like
i know he doesnt just sit around listening to classical music
i KNOW that
based on what i know
i would say
80% of his life is spent at work or asleep
10% is masturbating
10% is walking downtown
if you type in bach on youtube "glenn gould" and "golderberg variations" both appear on the first page
it's like having a wikipedia conversation
we've all done it
but his are in real life
OMG
LOOOOOOOOOL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HE USES WORDS SOMETIME
What are these" vectorized portraits"
THAT I KNOW
HE JUST LOOKED UP ON THESAURUS.COM
I KNOW HE DID
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAH
i swear
because they aren't particularly appropriate
the other day
like
they only would be
it was some word that meant "explain"
in a scholarly essay
but i have NEVER HEARD OF
i mean, the fact that he only used that word ONE TIME in talking to me
that's annoying
means it is not in his vocabuary
HAHAHAHA
vocabulary
EXACTLY
I wish he understood that you don't have to speak with some kind of false intellect to sound intelligent.
Actually, no I don't
then we wouldn't be laughing about it
exactly
and I would not be pleased
if he understood things
he wouldnt be as fun
hes in a petri dish right now
just leave him there
hahahahaha
My neuroscience professor says fuck, and dude, and listens to motly crue
josh can never know this
BAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
he must think
that he is held to a standard
HE ONLY LISTENS TO BACH
for his high intellect
and we must praise him for it
we expect only dictionary vocabulary
dude ive half convinced him to come to our house
and only bach listening
when it happens
it will be glorious
i asked him when he was coming to see my lizards
because ive played a trick on him
what i have done
hahahaha
is continually sent him animal photos, that i expected him to praise
and because he knows i expected that of him
he did it
NOW HE CANT SAY HE DOESNT CARE ABOUT THEM
BECAUSE
hahahahahaaha
THAT WOULD BE FOR THIS WHOLE TIME
HES BEEN A LIAR
I TRAPPED HIM
I mean obviously he is but he must maintain his image
so he would never lie to you.
OMG
exactly
COMMENTS ON THAT ATHEISM PHOTO
Kelly Mir Kaufman What should we hate you for, then?
November 9, 2010 at 3:05am  Like

Josh Beane There is so much to choose from really
HAAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
okay
he better not come walk up behind me right now
because this is too fun
there are like six photos
of the PRT which is like this mechanized train thing,  at WVU that students use to get aroudn campus
just photos of the boarding sign
the tracks
the car
and he keeps calling it
the DANGER TROLLEY
...
wut
hahahahahahahaha
it makes no sense
like
he makes no sense
no explanation for why he's using it
"i did a thing to my person"
he is just so interested in it
like
WHAT
hahahahahahahaha
his sister lives in morgantown i believe
I think I'm delving into his early 30s
(he's old)
there are photos ive seen
of him in his 20's
i have baby photos of him
as well
(born in 70s)
if you'd like to see how hilarious those are
are you seious
haha
did he have a blonde fauxhawk then too
well
hold on
see for yourself
HERE IS WHAT HES GOING FOR WITH THE HAIR
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=5340373398&set=pb.596733398.-2207520000.1398369846.&type=3&theater
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA
just hold on a second
wtf i cant find our shared photos on plus....
hold on...
hell
sorry for the curse words, I am just emotional. im a good christian mom
hahahahahaha
law abiding citizen too
hunter
I am a VCM (vaping christian mom) and I am not okay with your mockary!!! My GOD is BIG
hahahaha
its so hard for me to search for photos of him at work
because everyone here knows him
hahhaha
i need more TIME
i can buy u a subscript.
k?
jesus i have 55 emails from him
HAHAHA
about what?
well let me pick some things
just like vegan articles, and alcohol related things, and photos, and links to music
links to nature documentaries
hahahahaha
he's over compensating for not knowing shit about shit
by leading you to beleive he does
that is so annoying
i know dude lol
im so frustrated right now
like
i cant find any of our hangout photos
they were stored all in one place
I wouldn't care if a friend wasn't like a genius
I'll never understand why he thinks he neesds to be seen as so intelligent
DAMN IT
I WANNA C
i want to see too, i hope they didnt all disappear haha
its like
a year of shared photos
this is too frustrating right now haha
what if
someone just came and chilled inside your home for small periods of time when you weren't there
used your bathroom
your computer
ate your food
but left no visible evidence that he did it
didn't eat enough food to prove that a mouse was there
but you knew he was doing it
and had no way to stop it
because what d oyou tell the cops?
and you can't stay home FOREVER
HAHAHAHA
tree cam
that simple
He removes it
he expects it
HAHAHAHAHA
you have to live with it
someone touching your things
his filthy hands
he takes out the batteries and eats them
his piss in your toilette
but you can't prove it
HE EATS BATTERIES
he is hungry
more hungry than your food can satiate
gonna rub to the bathroom and try to find those photos on my phone lol brb
RUN
hahaha what
what
brb
HAAHAHAHHAHHAHA
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHa
shut
up
hahahahaha
BRB
I come bearing gifts
are you from orient
he was almost a cute kid
but he looks like he has a birth defect
he looks like he ate rocks
I don't know which one
or how
AND THAT
hahahahaha
the teeth
dude
teeth don't just get like that
I mean you can have bad teeth
but they don't get that bad on their own
dude
i was so scared
he did walk up on me
just now
HAHAHAHA
OH NO
I FEEL LIKE HE KNEW
HE KNEW I WAS TALKING ABOUT HIM
MAYBE
I DONT KNOW HOW
BUT HE KNEW
nope
YOU
FEEL
GUILTY
that is guilt talking
hahahahahahahaha
i imagined the dog of man saying that
YOU
FEEL GUILTY
HAHAHAHAHAAHAH
with shaking hands
yes hahahahaha
vividly hallucinating a cat being eaten by ants
HAHAHAHA
so wait
i just had an interaction
the weather man told me to
so i have to let you know how it went
ok
i guess he has to head straight out after work so he came over here to talk to me before he left
and he has like
a  very pastel pink thing in his haire
its barely noticable
so i didnt laugh at him
but then he told me i should cut my hair all off and bleach it
"123GO"
is what he said
I thought you were giving me clearance to chop that to bits
123GO
hahaa
and then i guess people started wondering why he was standing by me, and he just kind of wondered back to his area hahahaha
like
Why would it matter
are you guys THAT afraid of people assuming you're having a secret affair
no one would think that
he is
yes
and youre wrong dude
people know josh
hahahahaha
they know hes always on the hunt
did i tell you how he yelled at martin???
NO
tell me
Wait
okay
I think maybe that sounds familiar
martin went over to josh at like 12 AM, they were both here pretty much alone, and he was like "i heard you and hunter have a date tomorrow" or something, about brunch
and he started screaming at martin GET YOUR BULLSHIT OUT OF MY DEPARTMENT
GET THE FUCK OUT
I remember that
yes
hahahaha
so he REALLY cares
because he IS guilty
of wanting something that he shouldnt have
i think the main thing is
chris
because josh cant get fired for anything he's doing or he wants to do
but if chris freaked out about a supervisor "macking on" his girl
(josh's words)
josh would look bad
and he could maybe get fired if chris did something
i dont know
it would be bad
also i think i convinced him to actually dye his hair.  we will see.  i "coached" him on his hair hahaha
I think
i was like, that looks nice, but it would be better if it were brighter
that josh
has schziotypal personality disorder
That is my conclusion today.
thats a HEAVY diagnoses
(also yes, the brighter the better)
hahahahahaha
I mean
I've known him through one degree of seperation
very intimately
for some time now
I think it's a safe assumption
He has ideas of reference
paranoia
he lives in solitude
obsessive
bad with relationships
few close friends
hm...i thought that was something he just did to look weird?
you think it's genuine?
wait...youre right
because
i wanted to spend time with him when i was upset with chris
and he couldnt handle it
any other time he would be like COME ON DOWN
probably
Yes
My theory on that
Is that his mental process convinced him that he would be punished for getting involved, even when he had nothing to do with it.
(ideas of reference again)
He was SUPER sketchy about it
when you asked him
not just like
"NO" angrily
or "no" regrettingly
but "no" schizotypally
hahaha
Like "no" 

*golem, golem*
so you think he says no, not because he's a dick
but because hes socially inept
hahahaha
golem
Partly that, and because he's attached some mystical thought to it. Like he is so paranoid about even being seen talking to you to begin with. He feels like he's a part of yours and chris's relationship in some way.
He can't "mess it up"
When in reality
Your problems don't involve you and josh speaking to eachother
He thinks he's enmeshed in the situation though
okay let me try to understand this theory haha
OK haha
basically he is imagining some strange type of relationship with me that doesnt exist, but in some facets it does, and he doesnt want to screw that up because i have fit into some slot in his life and he finds comfort in this strange "relationship" somehow
Yes
basically
he thinks
that he is in some weird enmeshed relationship with you and chris. that's what his behavior indicates. He plays an "integral role" in keeping it together.
ohhhhh
Anyone else would not care if you were seen talkign together
i see
Yeah
Just like he thinks he's smarter than he is and he's got all of these intersting quirks
HAHA
It's a false idea.
is he trying to...
I mean, It's funy but it's not a joke
change his current weird relations with me
to official weird ones?
by getting rid of chris?
No i don't think.
because he is always on MY side, not chris'
but then again
he does see that chris and i being together is good for me
Well yes, that is his part in all of this
If it weren't for him, you and chris wouldn't be together
see what I'm getting at
oh okay, so he's trying to be like to "savior" of the situation, for me.  as if he's keeping me from leaving chris, but he thinks that he's the one keeping me from it, and that he has control
when he doesnt
It's not even about control in this situation. It's just that he's thinks he's a part of something that he's not a part of. Your relationship with chris isn't contingent on his actions. But he thinks it is. He's attached special meaning to himself.
It's all about maintenance
His behavior comes off as control seeking because that's the character he plays in this triangle
this is so strange hahahaha
The reason is not a delusion, is because it could be true. So he's not totally crazy.
Pick another disorder, I bet I could place it on him perfectly.
I don't really know what he has, I'm just really good at doing this
HAHAHAHA
do your diagnoses even count?
YOU JUST FIT THEM TO THE SITUATION
YOURE JUST A PHARMER
YOU JUST WANT TO GIVE HIM DRUGS'
I mean yeah if I want to. And usually I'm convincing.
I would be an AWFUL psychologist
every mental disorder is basically the same with SLIGHT VARIATION
just slight
it's all based on anxeity.
anxiety.
HAHA
depression with anxiety is borderline
depression without it is bipolar
hahahaha
Basically.
OCD is anxiety. The obsessions are anxiety, and the compulsions are what you use to fight the anxiety
but I do think josh has some schizoid tendencies.  Seriously.
HOWEVER, I was just playing a game.
So usually, you can trust me, but not this time.
i mean i dont think he's totally schizoid but i do see the tendencies, heavily demonstrated by his fear of he and i being anything at all
He's really paranoid and neurotic
He fits into cluster A personality disorders perfectly
but the issues with PD's
is that they are diagnosed categorically, not dimensionally
so
you have it or you don't
unlike depression and other things, where there are varying degrees
yea i hate that, because they never really outright tell you what you have
they just say your tendencies
they're trying to change the diagnosis for personality disorders, because it doesn't make sense. If you don't fit all the categories, what you don't have it? that's so far from the truth haha
they are TRICKY to diagnose
OH MY GOD
tjesus god thank you haha finally, i hate the way they diagnose stuff
THAT LINK OF HANK HILL
???
hahahahaha
I JUST GOT A NOTIFICATION
"L KELLIE STEVENS LIKES THIS"
THAT IS MY MOMS SISTER
HAHAHAHA
THE INVALID SCHOOL COUNSELOR
FUCK
THAT WAS BAD
MY AUNT WHO IS GREAT
FUCK
I DON'T LIKE MY AUNT VERY MUCH
.........
but she liked it
it was hilarious
invalid school counselor?
well she's in a wheelchair and she was a school counselor
those words may have not been the best
SORRY
HAHAHAHAHA im sorry thats not funny but the way you worded it is
I'm guessing it sounded weird because you pronounced "record" like "record"
YOU'RE NOT FUNNY
*GOD*
"record" like "record"
laugh at me
*much descript*
that's funny.
ASS *
HAHAHAHA
YOURE AN ASS
validation
sweet praise
oh how i love it
sweeeet jeeeesus
sweeeeeeeet cream
hahaahahahahahahahaa
hahahahahahahahahahaha im a child
sooooouurrrr creaaaammmmm
YES LORD YES
PRAISE JESUS
SOUR CREAM
earlier bella said
god lol
and I told her
Do not use MY GODS name in vaine sister1!!!! he is bigger than all of us
except
I wanted to say patches
and I was like
GREAT BIG GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I wish hunter had sad that
OH MY GOD I SAID THAT LATER
WHAT THE FUCK
GREAT BIG GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
HOW EVEN
HAHAHAHAHHA
LOOOOOOOOL
so like
help me get through work
please
haha
im almost done with it for today
ALMOST
i have a growth on my cat
....
that sounds
disgusting
like
BLECH
hahahaha
i imagined a tumor
on your cat
*he is risen*
HAHAHAHA
if you put anything between two asterisks
ARISE
its hilarious
HEY DO YOU REMEMBER
ASTRID
OR
ASSTURD
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
ASTRID WAS A GODDESS
SHUT UP
*EEEEYAHHHHHHHHH*
*EEEEYAHHHHHHHHH*
*EEEEYAHHHHHHHHH*
do you feel better now
?
hahahahahahahahahahahaha
*EEEEYAHHHHHHHHH*
*snaps like a twig*
STOP MAKING THAT NOISE IN MY HEAD
HAHAHAHAHA
LIKE A TWIG
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
*EEEEYAHHHHHHHHH*
*EEEEYAHHHHHHHHH*
stop it
i hear it
stop
please
god
hashahahahaha
it's like
fox
from super smash bros
attacking
*EEEEYAHHHHHHHHH*
to me it sounded more like
or like a karate master
a weird religious chant
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAAHHAAHHAHAHAHa
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
thats why i said
please stop
hahahahahaha
religion
i keep thinking of
the old guy
from jackie chan advenures
that does the chant
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
HELP ME
hahahahahaha
how am i supposed to help you....
WHEN I CANT EVEN HELP MYSELF
GAHHHHHHH
hahahahaha
we three kings
of orient are
I just realized
TODAY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
what fucking orient means
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ASIAN KINGS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WE THREE KINGS
ASIAN KINGS CAME TO JESUS
stop doing things in threes!
im sick and tired of it!
what a wretched number!
hahahahaa
oh god
I heard that in salad figners voice.
like when he's hallucinating or something and angry
HAHA
angry salad fingers is so scary
and sad
lololol
a ballet dancer
taken to gods basement
and FINISHED
by walter white
lololol
oh jesus
cubicle coma
it hit me
oh dear
i have not eaten anything
but granola bars
and
wasabi peas
OMG
I LOVE  WASABI PEAS
so mcuh
DUDE THEYRE SO GOOD
UNTIL YOU REALIZE
YOUVE DONE SOMETHING TERRIBLE
AND INHALED WHILE SWALLOWING
AND YOURE LIKE
no no no no no
AND THEN IT HITS YOU
and youre as good as dead
and then your lungs collapse
well
that's what you think is gonna happen
i mean it feels like someone is shoving acid up your nose from INSIDE YOU
That is graphic
I've honestly
never had that experience
I just assumed it was a chest thing
its like
so I said lungs
haha
the burning goes all the way up your nasal cavities
OH
OK
LIKE
you breathe the dust off of it
by accident
and it gets into your sinuses
yes
i think it only
happens
because i try for it not to
i dont know what im doing wrong
but its causing me great apin
pain
hahahahaha
IM SO HONGRY
I am as well
I have no motivation to go eat
because It will be the same thing I always have
HUMAN MEAT
hahahaha
a box of hornets
hahahahaaha
I WOULD BURN DOWN A HOUSE FILLED WITH ORPHANS FOR SOME KETCHUP AND FRIED RIGHT NOW
not really, but i would walk to mcdonalds
I would do that for the sheer sexual pleasure
(the crowd goes *wild*)
hahahahha
i want to make hot sauces
and name them things
like
hitler's ghost
like the opposite of those wastes of human garbage who name nail polish after food and flavors
sounds awesome haha
I wish I could do that for a living
i mean, ya could lol
it would just take a lot of work
GRASSROOTS YOU KNOW BRA
grass rotts
glenn beck
BOTH 2 SYLLABLES
BOTH TWO WORDS
Oh my god you are a godless piece of shty
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
#praying4U!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
god #HATES fags
wendys has a ghost chili chicken sandwich now
let's go 2 church this sunday!!!
omg
no
WHAT
MY FAVORITE PLACE TO GET CHICKEN SANDWICHES
JUST TOOK CHICKEN SANDWICH TO A WHOLE NEW LEVEL
HOLE
NU
LEVER
im sorry i swear a k-pop band moved into the house next to us
#WONDERFUL!
they grill outside until like 2 AM, they have white bitches over that have nice cars and walk of shame the next day
I am writing that little #anecdote in my PDA#
i saw one going to school today
HAHAHAHAHA
his hair is frosted and HUGE
WHAT THE FUCK
you can smell the teryaki
from our house
they yell in madarin
and they have asian dogs
that sounds so delicious
dude dont even tell me about delicious right now
WHAT
IS
TASTE
you'll salivate to death and die of dehydration
IT'S LIKE SEEING WITH YOUR TONGUE?
YOU DON'T SAY!
THAT'S MARVELOUS EDNA!
8in truman capote's voice*
*
Wow
despite how funny that was
you failed with your punctuation
credit will not be awarded
awwww fuck you man
the systems rigged anyways
I DONT NEED THIS
*smokes weed with kyle and scooter behind the band room*
GET OUT
*gods voice, it resonates and you cower*
tell me more about Scooter.
He smells like shit and he took his own virginity
JESUS CHRIST SCOOTER
WHERE IS YOUR GOD
I literally just luaghed into a coma on my bed
I began to convulse
i decided that i could either type laughter, or i could play along more and make YOU laff
i chose the right choice
AHAHAH
laffin
huh huh huh huh huh
we outchea
this is how i laff now
get em
get em
get em
huh huh huh huh
pleasure
IMD YING
wanna know a secret
CANT BREATH
TEARS DOWN MY FACE
*these eyes*
"drake"
TELL ME
*EYYYYYAHHHHHHH*
-drake
DRAKE WOULD NEVER SAY THAT HOW COULD YOU HOW DO YOU EVEN DARE
THE GAUL
THE GAUL
Dr. Dave Grohl
oh god
hes the doctor of beats
HAHAHHAHAA
oh wait.....
THATS DRE
beats by dre
DOCTOR dre
PhD
in thuggin
I am god's cock

-puff daddy
*END IT ALL*
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
lolololol
hey
hahahahahaaha
is it normal to sweat from hunger?
help me medicine man
you just have low blood sugar. You're probably feeling anxious. Eat something
For me
i have no food
going without food makes me anxious
i feel like im burning calories
nan
my body is dipping into my fat stores
watch it
oh no
haha
tiny twerx
OMG
HAHAHA
I FORGOT
HOW
HOW DID YOU FORGET
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HELP ME FORGET
PLEASE
lil twerk
yung twerk
get em
hey boy, you better get twerk before your boss sees you notwerkin
you know who has the WORST food?
BW3
every time i eat there, im like, this is disappointing
and i only eat there when i have gift ards
You know who's the worst
people
cards
who in person
hahaha
say
BW3
's
like
dude it has so many names
people call it
BEE DUBZ
you piece of HOT HUMAN GARBAGE SMOLDERING IN HATE COAL
HATE COAL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
FUELED BY THE HATE OF THE WORLD
NOT FIRE
team hate
i dont know why
but i get to work
and just work as much as i can
until time passes by
i refuse to take breaks until its almost the end of my shift
i still have 2 breaks and a lunch
what
but
it's close to time for work to end
WHY DO YOU TORTURE YOURSELf
for some reason, i am so fucking bored here, that for me to take a ten minute break is more boring than work
i hate taking breaks
at least when im on the clock i get tos it and be bored
instead of standing and being bored
wow
thats how boring my fucking job is
I HATE FACEBOOK
SO MUCH
that is your job
and that
is the worst thing on earth
and I'm sorry
facebook is fun for people
because its a break from work
and a break from school
but when your life depends on facebook
and you dealing with facebook
ITS HELL
unless it's work itself
god
dude like
FB is the worst
i dont know if youve noticed
but ive reduced my posting by probably 50% or more
because i cant handle it
I haven't
I don't often view the good ole TL
because it get sick to my stomach
hahaa
yea im like
holding my breath to keep from falling asleep
that is truly a sad statement
connie wants to know
Is there a presale code for Pitbull at the Indiana State Fair on August 8th?
DEAR GOD
what benefit to LN
is presale code
why
like
other than annoying you
what is the MONETARY BENEFIT
well
here it is, this is my theory
they dont educate anyone
so everyone thinks presale tickets are the best seats for SOME FUCKING REASON THAT MAKES NO SENSE
so people RUSH to get presale tickets
pay a shit ton of money, end up with shitty seats and a shitty attitude because theyre dumb
and then when the general sale hits
they release the rest of the tickets cheaper than before (most of the time, not always)
and everyone who participated int he presales are like HOW ARE YOU GONNA JUST CHANGE THE PRICE I WANT A REFUND BURN IN HELL TICKETMASTER
And they continue to do it
yes
always
the genius of this
im gonna take a quick break, brb
is that TM can do whatever they please. And they robbed the people who thought they were getting a deal for the hell of it, when they could've just robbed the people who didn't care
i hate our company
its fucked
we do nothing to help anyone
it's useless
it's a useless intermediary
that's actually what it is
a third party
that doesn't NEED to exist
technically
it makes it easier to get tickets, but at what cost?
there are other services
i mean, not really
you can go through us
or,s ometimes, the venue
the third parties are stubhub
they buy from us
those kind of sites
we are 2nd party
OH right okay
I see
Either way it's a drag
I feel like if you sold something that people actually needed, then customer service would be more validating
but you're just give codes out to idiots so your company can rob them blind and then later tease them about it
dude, all i do all day is copy and paste responses.  the only human interaction i have is on FB, and then my annoying coworkers, and my boss being a cunt
that's what I've taken from your desciption
i used to like my boss
i really did
but he has taken his inch and turned it into a mile, and now i do everyone's work
me and martin
damn
the worst part is, in most companies, i could fix this by going to HR
but at TM, that's where the juicy gossip is
yeah hr has a purpose
but according to you
at tm it is useless
which is fucking ridiculous
because you have no one to complain about hr to
exactly
i could complain to our call center director
but the fact is
NO ONE GIVES A SHIT
don't care?
right
yep
it's like
an endless void
yes it is, that's why people either quit or stay here forever if they dont get fired
because you cant ever actually fix anything here
so if you dont like it, you quit
or, you buckle down and prepare to be shit on forever
like josh has
dear god
hes been here since day 1
not many people here can say that
who would want to?
based on your description
I'd be PROACTIVE AS HELL looking for another job
hahaha
some people work their way into the company, get all buddy buddy with the douchebags who run this shit ship, and then they stay here and try not to step on toes
i hear we have great health insurance
so thats something
wow
that is something
more than most have to offer
haha
i mean, it's not super cheap or anything
you have to pay for it out of your check
but for low lifes that have 3 kids and their wife also works here
thats great news
lolololol
YEA
exactly
haha
travis says
"It's a massive hierachy of house n!%#%rs."
as in, the people who work here are just high school drop out who have been given a superiority complex
especially the fucking managers
god damn
"I gotsta do what masta says. Masta is so good to me. Masta feed me. Masta taught me how to lock my own cage!"
"as in, the people who work here are just high school drop out who have been given a superiority complex"
that is really harsh
but it sounds true
its very true
my boss makes like probably 35k a year
are you kidding
he was the queer in high school that probably stumbled upon this BS
yea dude he's salary
and is no more qualified
than i am
my mom barely makes more than that
that is truly insane
i told you
yo can make decent money here
You can
but you have to get shit on your entire life to do it
APPAR-ENTLY
also
you have to suck dick
i swear
hahahahahaha
dear god
haha
it's a running joke
everyone who gets promoted is either gay or should be
or
a minority
we have several crippled supervisors
lots of black managers
hell, our HR manager is a TERRIFYING black woman
That's really weird
that doesn't happen usually
I mean
usually there's ONE person who hates black people/gays/ect
That is so weird
haha
i have a thjeory
i dont know if this has any truth to it
but
Present it
i bet they get some MASSIVE tax breaks for hiring so many minorities, they probably get an "equal opportunity" tax break just for having blacks and cripples and gays in management positions
and women
that's not a theory
that's a fact
well
affirmative action yada yada yada
but what's going on at TM
i can only think of one straight white male thats a manager,m and his mom worked here before him so thats how he got in
doesn't sound like that
Dude my mom has a theory about highland that's like that
hahaha
it's a running thing between the staff
the reason I said that they'd appreciate you as a BHT
is because
some of the staff think that highland has a work release program, but the uppermanagement wont admit to it
And so some of the BHTs are assumed to be felons and shit
HOWEVER
those programs are good in some instances
but this is fucking medical care essentially
and there are criminals like MAJORLY screwing up
like discaplining mentally ill kids and things
however
this is just a theory  my mom and some other employees have
so the theory is
that some of the BHTs are possibly felons?
lol
yes they work at highland through a work release program
that's the idea
no one can prove it, and the management wont admit to it. but after some of the things my mom has said that BHTs DO, it's seriously unbelievable, I believe it
wow, like what?
Like the way they behave. Like SO vulgar and unprofessional. and some of them don't seem to get that they work at a hospital, and are mean to sick people because they don't udnerstand they're sick. And they're too stupid to understand people are hallucainating and stuff, and fucking yell and shit
And this influx of stupid employees
all came at once
and then they gradually added more
which seems typical of a work program
huh....
yea that's highly unprofessional
if those people werent on work release
theyd be fired
EXACTLY
The hopsital admin is like HUGELY fucked up
the CEO makes like twice what a CEO of a hospital that size should make
and everyone else's salary takes a hit because of it
A lot of other screwed up financial things that I don't fully understand
well the only thing i guess im worried about is working around BHTs who are total assholes lol
like My moms friend was paid 2,000 a month to supervise the aubstance abuse unit on her own time, and then when she quit thye paid the cheif of staff 10,000 a month to do it
There are a lot of really good BHTs
jesus what the fuck
thats some really crooked shit haha
Don't get me wrong though
i am SO GLAD i dont have to rely on anyone else for my money when my business takes off
I was concerned in a similar way hahaha
but my mom said there are enough good employees to where it won't matter. and They take complaints about other employees very seriously (which I am keeping in mind)
oh good hahaha
Yeah that will be nice haha
i hope the night crew isnt like
rat people from the sewer
im almost afraid of like...walking around in a hospital at night
hahahah
for some reason i picture it with all the lights out, which it may be
and theres a scary mop bucket
and a menacing closet
and phantoms
yes
spectres
poltergeist
the works
IT was built in 2013
hahaha
i know it was
hahahahahaha
i wish it were haunted though
phantoms
HAHAHAHA
lolol
i mean
im imagining that some BHTs may look like theyre barely there in real life
hahahaha
hahaha
My mom said there are quite a few applicants (she just called me so I asked about it), and also said that they LOVE people who want to work nights because no one will do it haha. I was like NO RUSH NOW, hunter has to get everything worked out at ticketmaster...lol....but she said they should call you in like a week to SET UP an interview
so there is a large time frame here
okay thats awesome
and im so glad no one wants to work nights
i wasnt sure if people tried to hog the night hours or not
lol
that's why they pay more
no they dont
haha
well people are damned idiots
no
ill work any hours for increased pay
hahaha
they are lazy and idiots
I'd work  weekend nights every once and a while
like just for extra $$
so a few applicants...does that mean we will have to have a battle to the job?
YES
but you will win
hahahaha
and yea i want to work extra onw eekends if possible too
so i could work like nights and days wekends
or something
but it's soawesome that you can work per diem
like
whenever you want to sign up for an extra shift
you can
it's pretty flexible there
that is just SO amazing
I've got 24 hours a week guaranteed, because I'm part time, but I'll definitely sign up for more
if i could work weekends and get like 50 hours i'd be doing better than i am here
and i feel like working nights would be pretty calm
not all the time of course
lol
it would be
yeah
OH DUDE
my mom used to really like nights
I MENTIONED WORKING NIGHTS AT HIGHLAND TO JOSH
AND HE WAS LIKE, I DUNNO IT WAS PRETTY CRAZY WHEN I WAS THERE
HE WAS INSTITUTIONALIZED
IN 2000
FOR THREATENING TO KILL HIMSELF
TO HIS FAMILY
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHHAHHHAHAHAHAH
OH MY CHRIST GOD
yea dude
AND THEN HE WAS
AND THEN HE WAS LIKE
"maybe i just should have done it...."
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i said
no, stop
just stop
that's SO insincere
HAHAHAHA
no stop
i mean
dont be a 36 year old man
and tell me how maybe you should have killed yourself
like
ARE YOU RETARDED
HAHAHAHA HER WE GO
OMG
every time he says something stupid
HOW WOULD THAT HAVE MADE YOUR CURRENT SITUATION BETTER
PLEASE EXPLAIN
it is AMPLIFIED
by the fact that he is basically just a middle aged man
not a teen
preteen
or post-teen
hahahahaha
you know, i give him about an 8-9 year age grace
simply because
he was in a religious cult for the beginning of his life
and thats not his fault
Emotional age and physical age are very different
obviously he's emotionally younger
BUT
his physical age is more apparent to the observer
HAHA
yes
so that is what I judge him by
i remember when i first started talking to him
i really didnt know how old he was
and i hadnt really guessed either
and i asked him, and he told me
and then he was like "but people sday i look much younger"
hahahahahahahahahaa
he doesn'
t
*crows feet*
*no smile lines because he doesn't smile*
*FROWN LINES*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i mean, he has good days and bad days
Hahahaha
sometimes he looks like a healthy 36 year old
sometimes he looks like a 40 year old on a coke binge
hahahahaha
it depends on how much sleep he gets i guess
his eyes are SUPER bloodshot sometimes
gah its almost time to leave work
thank god
he has noted your thanks
but he declines to take credit
he states that it's just your schedule
not his doing
HAHAHAHA
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHA
yes
it is
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1392478091034816&set=a.1386550504960908.1073741830.100008179150943&type=1&theater
what the FUCK
hahahahahahaha
im sorry i thought it was funny
hahahaha
i am
child
*of lord*
O Lord my God! When I in awesome wonder
Consider all the worlds Thy hands have made,
I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder,
Thy power throughout the universe displayed,

Refrain:
Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee;
How great Thou art, how great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Saviour God to Thee;
How great Thou art, how great Thou art!

When through the woods and forest glades I wander
And hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees;
When I look down from lofty mountain grandeur
And hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze;

And when I think that God, His Son not sparing
Sent Him to die, I scarce can take it in;
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing,
He bled and died to take away my sin;

When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation
And take me home, what joy shall fill my heart!
Then I shall bow in humble adoration
And there proclaim, my God, how great Thou art!
Be Thou my Vision, O Lord of my heart;
Naught be all else to me, save that Thou art;
Thou my best thought, by day or by night,
Waking or sleeping, Thy presence my light.

Be Thou my Wisdom, and Thou my true Word;
I ever with Thee and Thou with me, Lord;
Thou my great Father, and I Thy true son,
Thou in me dwelling, and I with Thee one.

Riches I heed not, nor man's empty praise;
Thou mine inheritance, now and always;
Thou and Thou only, first in my heart,
High King of heaven, my treasure Thou art.

High King of heaven, my victory won,
May I reach heaven's joys, O bright heav'n's Sun!
Heart of my own heart, whatever befall,
Still be my Vision, O Ruler of all.
tell me thats ian jessee's words
hahahahahahahahaaha
omg
here we go
I can't breathe
Ian Jessee
12 hours ago near Charleston, WV
I shall tell you a great secret, my friend. Do not wait for the last judgment. It takes place every day.
 Albert Camus
Ian Jessee
Yesterday near Charleston, WV
Pain precedes progress...
Ian Jessee
April 21 near Charleston, WV
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.

Oscar Wilde
1
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Ian Jessee
April 20
Travel calamities, come again no more. Glad to be home!!! But very thankful for meeting my new friend Ro! All is well!  at Yeager Airport (CRW).
OSCAR WILDE
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
OMG
HERES THE BEST ONE
OH GOD
Note
BRACE YOURSELF PATCHES
Where it says two others
The name "channara Chachi Tuy" appears
her comment was liked by ian.
Daniel Cummings was with Ian Jessee and 2 others.
April 20
Like  
6 people like this.

Ian Jessee MmmmmmmMmmmmmmmmMMmmmMMMMMMmmm....
April 20 at 8:11am  Like

Channara Chachi Tuy Why are you posting me when I'm not there
April 20 at 2:28pm  Like  1
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAA
Not only the MMMM
DID HE JUST POST FOR NO REASON
I missed a part
ALL OF THOSE MMMMMMMS???
HE DID
HE WASN'T WITH HER
AND OMG
OMG HE IS INSANE
HES AN INSANE PERSON
YES
JUST LEFT A COMMENT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
WHAT DOES IT SAY?
no
I mean
he did immediately after the post
lol
THESE KILL ME
Ian Jessee
April 19 via YouTube
MMMMMmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMmmmmmm......MMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!

Deitra Hicks also Datra Hicks sings in court LMAO
Uploaded by Vernswag
http://www.torontorappers.com/
Like    Subscribe on YouTube  Share
Laura Joss likes this.
ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
MMMMMMMMMM
MMMMmmmmmmmmmMMMMM
!!!!!MMM!!!!
PLEASE TELL ME
WHAT THAT MEANS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I DONT UNDERSTAND
IM DYING
I CANNOT BREATHE
HAHAHAHAHA
Ian Jessee
April 19
Double espresso & third hot chocolate for the day reflecting on the German bratwurst, Ethiopian collard greens/spicy lentils, taco, and fish n' chips I just consumed. How can this be? For I AM the Kwisatz Haderach  feeling full at Heart Coffee Westside.
MMMmmmMmMmMmmMmMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm
he was at "the market (?)"
and posted
im just
mmm!
i cant even
hahahahahahahahaa
MMMMmmMMMMMmmmmmm
I just imagine him
doing that
no way jose
man if i get the job at highland and pass the drug screening
im going to do a dance about it
Just a mom, trying to get tickets for her *T*E*E*N*S*, I am NOT a scalper!
no
christ
hahahahahahahahahahahah
PLEASE
hahahahhahaha
PLEASE tell me there is some truth to this
PLEASE SAY SOMEONE AID THIS
i mean, i made the word prettier
but someone did say that
HAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ON WHAT
TM FACEBOOK?
yes
hahahaha
go comment i guess
you weirdo
lololol
I AM
i had to respond with a copy and paste answer haha
look at my comment
itll pop up in my program in a minute hahaha
but i will look now
ok
just prepare
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHASHHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YOU ASSHOLE
NOW
I CANT SOLVE HER ISSUES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OHHHH NOOOOOOOOOOOO
I THINK SHE'S A SCALPER
I WISH I HAD ANOTHER FB ACCOUNT
SO I COULD COMMENT
AND ACCUSE HER OF SCALPING TICKETS
no
stop
hahahahahaha
ITS GONE TOO FAR
you decorated "teen" so hard
hahahah
my boss is out of town for a week so i dont care lololol
you should do this to me
all day
on new posts
and i will see them as i work
I will
yesssssssss
i have to show chris hahahaha
hahaha
its like
SO FUCKING HILARIOUS AND WEIRD
HAHAHAHAHA
I STILL CANT NOT LAUGH AT IT
My teen son keith!!!
I didn't even say son
I said teen
like he's a cat
yes
you did
hahahahahahahaha
i objectified keith
poor keith
*here boy*
*meow*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
jesus
i was laughing so hard yesterday at my desk
i dont even care anymore
at wht?
Hahahahaha
OH
OUR REPARTEE
DUH
yes
i just have to put my head on my desk
and laugh
hahahahahahaha
check out that womans posts
Angela Carriere shared a link.
April 9
I've been in here a couple of times and am really impressed with Steve's knowledge. The drinks and elixirs are delicious. Free elixir Fridays. Check it out!

Farmacia Juice Bar
www.blogto.com
Farmacia Juice Bar is riding Toronto's new wave of power...
Share
HAHAHAHA
Angela Carriere
April 9 near Toronto, Canada
It's my girl's sixteenth birthday today. I can't imagine my life without her. Emily Shabsove, you are a kind, loyal, intelligent, talented, beautiful young woman and I'm so proud to be you mom. Happy birthday miss Em!
LOYAL?
IS SHE A DOG
YOURE STALKING THIS RANDO LADY WITH TEENS
WHAT KIND OF MOTHER OF TEEN ARE YOU
HAHAHAHAHAHHAH
I AM
HAHAHAHHAA
MOTHER OF TEENS, THAT WAS FUNNY!
Angela Carriere
March 23 near Toronto, Canada
I am way too invested in my television programs; the Good Wife, Scandal and Parenthood. I'm on edge after catching up on all of these on my PVR. Not happy but not giving anything away.
FUCKING CANADA
HER PVR
HER "
"TELEVISION PROGRAMSSSSSSSSS"
dude
canada
is
the fucking
I KNOW
WORST
i hate them all
but I also want to live there
i hate them out of jealousy
(my BIIIIIIGGGGG SEKRET)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I just showed michael WHAT YOUVE DONE on facebook
and he said
why teens?
and i said, it's one of michael's TRIGGER WORDS hahahahahahahahaha
Who
oh
chris
i meant
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
OH MY GOD
i know
LOOOOOL
THIE IS A VERY *FREUDIAN* SITUATION
IS THIS
something you wish chris would do?! or something he would typically do and not me?!
HM
HMMM
*inspector gadget*
PROBABLY
because you were talking to both of us
i dont know i ask him to participate in our weird stuff all the time, im like, message michael and say "insert random odd phrase"
and just had a brain fart
and he's like, no that's your guys' thing
HAHA
lolololol\
WEIRD PHRASES ARE JUST AS THEY ARE
I DNT CR WHR THY CM FRM
HAhhahahahahahahahahahah
oh god
i told him this
i said
it doesnt matter who sends it
he will laugh
hahahahaha
dude
look at the comment
I left on the mothers day promotion thing
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHY DO THESE PIECES OF WHITE HOT HUMAN WASTE EVEN CARE
DO THEY JUST WAIT AROUND
AND READ TM PROMOTIONS
OMG
IM DYING
IM DYING
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I HATE THE PEOPLE YOU HAVE TO COMMUNCIATE WITH
THEY ARE HUMAN GARBAGE
FACEBOOK JUNKIES
AND MOMS
i cannot breathe
im dying
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THIS IS THE BEST BECAUSE OF THE HATRED I HAVE FOR THESE PEOPLE
YES
I CAN FINALLY GET THEM BACK
hahahahahaha
Through me
*in the voice of a hill witch*
*what is that*
*hsssss*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
A HILL WITCH
hahahahahahahahahahahaahahaha
look its us
https://www.facebook.com/TheReptileReport/photos/a.162989650479586.29953.159931317452086/526244560820758/?type=1&theater
omg
hahahaha
HAHAHA
it is
earlier
hahahahahahaha
I saw this video
you are totally
THAT CAT
of what seemed like a leachie and a far off iguana
trying to interact with a acat
cat*
and what happened
was
the cat touched the reptile
WHAT HAHAHAHAHA
jumped in the air and did a full 360
AND THEN
OH YES
IVE SEEN THAT
landed in "arched back position"
and WOBBLED away
HAHAHAHAHA
like just between front and back feet
it was so afraid
hahahahaha
WOBBELD AWAY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I LOVED IT
hahahahahahahahaha
LIKE WHAT
ANIMALS DON'T MOVE IN SUCH WAYS
WOBBLE WOBBLE WOBBLE
WOBBLE WOBBLE
you know
my
new
*J E W E L E D* lacerta
is the coolest thing ever
* YE S*
It's SO COOL LOOKING
have you seen the adults???
http://deerfernfarms.com/images/Web-Lacerta%20fem-Don-5-2010.jpg
sweet jesus
so green
blue?
either way
such color
what if
for
no
I'm not gonna do that
you could lose your job by association
WHAT
hahahahahahahahaha
I posted an article about "The scam of presale tickets" on every post on the TM facebook
but NO
I just realized
thats ACTUALLY DANGEROUS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAH
YOU DUMMY
GET OUT
HAHAHHA
LOLOLOL
mark
jeez
http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/gifs-that-will-teach-you-a-damn-thing-for-once-in-your-li?bffb
lol
I SAW THOSE
I STARED AT THEM
FOR LIKE A MILLION HOURS
Flying snakes exist. Theyre know as chrysopelea
FUCKING NO
HAHAHAHA
THAT IS SO HILARIOUS
OMG
THE VISUAL
they dont fly
they glide
but
WHATEVS
YEah like a flying squirrel doesn't fly it glides
WHATEVER
ITS IN THE AIR
dude
*GOING*
when i met our herpetologist friend kevin last night for the lacerta
he always talks to us for like 2 hours about reptiles and herping and stuff
and he basically convinced us
that dinosaurs are still alive
he reads up on it
super hard
to a scientific level
thats cryptozoology
there are CLAIMS
that dinosaurs still exist in africa and stuff
in different jungles
but theres evidence to back it
in the congo
what evidence?
and new guinea
mostly
Yeah
well, hold on
don't those people
who have never heard of a dinosaur, describe what we know as a dinosaur as EXISTING
haha
yes
that's what I'd heard
I still wanna see it though
*SCARED*
*INTRIGUED*
Nearly every ancient civilization has some sort of art depicting giant reptilian creatures. Petroglyphs, artifacts, and even little clay figurines found in North America resemble modern depictions of dinosaurs. Rock carvings in South America depict men riding diplodocus-like creatures and, amazingly, bear the familiar images of triceratops-like, pterodactyl-like, and tyrannosaurus rex-like creatures. Roman mosaics, Mayan pottery, and Babylonian city walls all testify to mans trans-cultural, geographically unbounded fascination with these creatures. Sober accounts like those of Marco Polos Il Milione mingle with fantastic tales of treasure-hoarding beasts. In addition to the substantial amount of anthropic and historical evidences for the coexistence of dinosaurs and man, there are physical evidences, like the fossilized footprints of humans and dinosaurs found together at places in North America and West-Central Asia.
Marco Polo wrote of his travels to the province of Karajan and reported on huge serpents, which at the fore part have two short legs, each with three claws. "The jaws are wide enough to swallow a man, the teeth are large and sharp, and their whole appearance is so formidable that neither man, nor any kind of animal can approach them without terror."
Books even tell of Chinese families raising dragons to use their blood for medicines and highly prizing their eggs. It is interesting that the twelve signs of the Chinese zodiac are all animals--eleven of which are still alive today. But is the twelfth, the dragon merely a legend or is it based on a real animal-- the dinosaur? It doesn't seem logical that the ancient Chinese, when constructing their zodiac, would include one mythical animal with eleven real animals.
here, he sent us this
Dude
I googled that paragraph
ok
and it led me to
"did dinosaurs exist in the bible"
they are mentioned in the bible
flying serpents
pterodactyls have been mentioned everywhere
and still get reported
I don't buy that
I'm sorry
hahaha
PTERODACTYL REPORTS
NO
NO
haha
dude no
what he told us
If they are still in existance
he said most are reported to have been killed
they are scattered and very rarely seen
I'd say
and apparently
they arent that rarely seen
the people in, i think the congo
see them all the time
they have bio luminescent abilities
possibly in their digestive tract
because when they shit on you, it burns like battery acid and glows
reportedly
they fly low over lakes and use the glow to attract fish
that sounds like pseudoscience
I'm gonna say
that people in the congo also practice shamanism
it's not science, it's reports from tribes
not that that's a bad thing
but
no chris said that t him
to him
about the drugs
I'm hesitant to take their word
and stuff
kevin said
What are you talking about
Chris said something sbout drugs to him?
theyres a video documentary where they have pictures of different animals
kevin said?
hahaha
Oh
ok
and theyre showing them to tribe members
and
they didnt know what an american buffalo was, had never seen it
and they went through some other common animals from americas
That's what I'm saying. Like they have no been taught animals like us but can identify things we don't see anymore
and then when they got to the brachiosaurs, they said, thats what we saw
so It probably isn't a hoax
like there may be in existence some
"dinoasaurs"
I just
like anthropologists go over there and like live for 20 years at a time and stuff
like how do WE not have any documentation
that's what reaises eyebrows
not their claims
DID THEY SWEAR A BLOOD OATH TO THE TRIBESMEN
people just dont go that deep into these jungles
there arent just
people who keep tabs on stuff like this
they cant always be everywhere
but apparently
another tribe drew a triceratops
and said it kills the elephants
I think that's really intersting
I feel like there should be more investigation into it
there should be
I meanthey aren't syaing it for r
you know no reason
yes
As of now I'm on the fence
also
theres a castle
i cant remember where
but the people say there were flying serpents that were brown/red and leathery
Tribesmen, like aren't UNtrustworthy, but they've been known to believe in...magic...and also trick westerners and make things up
because they hate us
hahahaha
yes
but
NO LIE
THEY HATE US
hahaha
when asked where all these flying serpents went
people said, we killed them, they were eating all the chickens
and it wasnt like a 3rd world area
this was in europe i think
also, there are OLD AS HELL cave paintings showing people killing dinosaurs
See I'm not the kind of person that wants to instantly discredit that because it sounds FUCKING LUNATIC.
but I would like to know
one way or the other
before I state disputing whether it's true
start*
like I kind of want it to be true
but if it were
I feel like maybe it would be more concrete
but it still could be
I'd like to know though
i mean, the fact that there are arboriginal drawings of hunting a plesiosaur, and then they drew its digestive tract, so  they obviously caught it and killed it
thats just so cool to me
I mean I did have a childhood obsession with dinosaurs hahahaha
I think it's cool too
kevin sent us those articles and said, if you want to read more i can link you to the book, and if you think im crazy ill just stop now
hahahahaha
I'd be interested in a book on that (still love dinosaurs)
HOWEVER
the fact that a herpetologist believes
is awesome
If I look up the author
and he's a known
bigfoot chaser
I would be skeptical
hahaha
no one of the books didnt have an author, it was just a TON of combined journals from multiple travellers
Interesting
yep
it's pretty cool stuff
apparentlky
in the US there are TONS of pterodon sightings
ok
that's stupid
theres one place where once a year theres weird "ufo lights", and people go watch them
in the congo
it's not
in the U.S.
and people say that possibly
it's hysteria and hoax
well nevermind then haha
but
i think shit like this exists SOMEWHERE
not everywhere
I mean yeah no doubt there are fucking beasts we haven't discovered
I bleive that there could be dinosaur LIKE animals in the congo
which is awesome
dude...let me show you something that was just discovered a few months ago
okokokok
http://news.discovery.com/animals/endangered-species/giant-monitor-lizard.htm
they found a fucking brand new species of MONITOR that is HUGE and LIVES IN THE TREES AND EATS FRUIT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Sierra_Madre_forest_monitor
thats a better link
I kind of enjoy this
It subsists on fruit
so its bite is probably not poisonous
that's interesting
considering
ITS FUCKING GIANT
thats what monitors look like dude lol
look at this one
https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-arha3qs0seE/Ui3k4W2kzKI/AAAAAAAAA20/v6rSnLyG6gU/s1600/blue.jpg
whoa
that's pretty
what a tail
lol
YES
THERES AGREEN VERSION TOO HAHA
dammit
caps
agreen virgin 2
HAHAHA
WHAT EVEN
my teen needs me to make it tostinos pizza rolls
bbl
IT
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i wonder how much money i made
six hunnit n twinty
WOO BOY
mune
wat is mune
i
do not
know
im on the search for a male gargoylwe
wish me luck
good lquck
fank you
is it haqrd to find oqne?
yes
lolol
have you seen that buzfeed post
females are more common than males
that says
26 REASONS WHY 2014 HAS BEEN HARD FOR TEENS
HAHAHAHA
NO BUT I NEED TO
http://www.buzzfeed.com/ryanhatesthis/2014-has-already-been-the-worst-year-ever-for
i will read in a minoot
reading now
TEEN TAKING TRAIN SELFIE
HAHAHAHAAHAH
smooshing their heads together to get the perfect selfie
hahahaha
oh god
Sad teen
teens are retarded
just saying
theyre getting dumber
every year
because our pop culture mostly effects teenagers
nan
and our pop culture is becoming so mindless
nan
see what i mean?
nan
I c
Stand # strong and vape# on
dude
vape legislation happened
and its fucking everything up
I knew it
They're taxing it right
Taxing it to hell
no
theyre making it so everything has to be FDA approved, every single product related to vaping, which will cost companies so much money that most are going to go out of business
That's sucks
BIG TEEN BROTHER IS ALWAYS WATCHING
yes he is
and he's a dick
But honestly
IM TALKIN TO YOU OBAMA
hahaha
Vaping is like saying that using opium is a nice alternative to heroin
It's true
But
Is it
Hahahaha
IF HEROIN WERE LEGAL THEN OPIUM WOULD BE THE OBVIOUS BETTER CHOICE
lololol
Valid point. Philosophically I'm right but....I forgot that cigarettes were legal
THE GOVERNEMNT LOVE CIGARETTE MONEY
Don't do anything to block cigarette taxes
SUCH AS VAPE
yep
WE NEED SMOKERS
i hate tghe world
lol
What word
Vape
Vapirizer
Vapeeeng
world
WORLD MICHAEL
Chris posted about some flyer about a "vaping event" please tell me what that even means
I'm like so confused dude
its like an educational thing
at the vape shop here
Oh okay I see
THERE A DIFFERENT BETWEEN CUSTOM MODS AND E CIGS, TEENS
Sorry
yes there are, teens
Hahahah
Hahaha ong
Okay, teens
Start your engines
dude
THREE DAYS
RETURN OF THE TEENS
Get out your tostinos pizza rolls because mom's outta town
YES
THE TEENS STRIKE BACK
A new teen
omg
omg
the pizza rolls
hahahahaha
the ultimate teen food
too dumb to cook?
tostinos pizza rolls!
too stoned to make an actual meal?
tostinos pizza rolls!
too afraid to talk on the phone and order food?
Hot bread
TOSTINOS PIZZA ROLLS!
And And a marshmallow
Ong
I've done that
Asa teen
I didn't wanna call
So i did HOMEMADE
yep
dude
i miss hanging out with you as a TEEN
your family always had
teen foods
we did
and pizza by sinbad
and domino
and "toast ems"
OMG THE TEXAS NACHOS FROM SINBADS
so good
and I don't remmber them being texas
why texas
because everything in texas
is GREAT BIG
man im still reading the teen list
this shit is crazy
these teens man
the mcdonalds receipt
that guy is brain damaged
he has to be
http://time.com/75596/teens-getting-high-with-burts-bees/
#turndownforwhat
when I get back we are getting very drunk and watching "found footage" movies
yes
pls
hahaha
TURN DOWN FOR WHAT
i have that stuck in my head
*TEENS*
i thought i saw a post on fb
thast said
teen slavery
hahahahahahahahaha
bwahh bwahhh
turn down for what
i love that song
lets go beezin
confession
........
#l^ft3d
GO
no
CHRIST
ok
I have often put burts beezzzzz on my  eyes lids
because they have become chapped
and also
if you have relaly bad allergies
and itchy eyes
it helps
I was injecting pot liquid into my blood stream without even knowing I was vaping
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
AHAHAHA
you be beezin too?
so i think im gonna get some celebrity cook from "chooped" (?) to eat crested gecko diet
i suggested it to the guy who does SnakebytesTV
and im winning so far
what?
https://www.facebook.com/BrianBarczyk/posts/10152383173905730?comment_id=10152383175990730&notif_t=like
what is snakebytes tv?
Also I jsut remembered something that they didn't add onto that list
In the past year
Someone was diagnosed with "selfies elbow." They developed joint problems from taking so many selfies
HAHA
snakebytes is the most popular reptile youtube show
it's huge
that's a neat name
sounds #quirky! and fun# !!
that's noodles!
LOL
NOODLES means CRAZY but with FOOD
it does
How wacky
LOL
-teen keith
dude download Hearthstone
it's like a super fun super simple WoW based "card" game online
i got hooked instantly
I have to wait. I have one final test and it's  monday, and I'm doing everything I can to distract myself from it, because it's one test three days away. Downloading a new game would be the icing on the cake
IM ASK KETCHUM
hahahahahahaha WHAT THE DICK
im real life ash ketchum
DEFEATED AT FIRST BY MY FOES, I HAVE LEARNED THE TASTE OF DEFEAT AND I DO NOT LIKE IT
MUST AVOID DEFEAT
chris says
youre pikachu
and josh is misty
hahahaha
josh is misty
chris is an "unknown"
*the crowd goes WILD*
*crowd PUMMELED by a fast moving cloud of weird symbols*
HAHAHAHA
UNKOWNS
I CANNOT SPELL
those pokemon are a piece of shit
they are
they look so cool
but do nothing
entei
is not though
I fucking love entei
i like that one
suicune
or something
did I tel lyou
about when I was younger
and my uncle installed limewire on my computer
and matt and I typed in "pokemon"
and our computer was flooded with pokemon hentai
(misty and mewtwo)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I THINK YOU TOLD ME ABOUT THIS!!
dude i accidentally went to the wrong website when i was like 11
and it was disgusting terrible graphic blowjobs
and it burned into my mind so badly that i felt disturbed and had to tell my mom about it
hahahahaha
"disgusting terrible graphic blowjobs
no one uses that many adjectives without being truly scarred
WHAT DID YOU EVEN SAY TO YOUR MOM
JESUS
i was just like, crying
MOM I VISITED AN ONLINE PORN SITE, WHICH FETISHIZED BEE JAYS
and i had to show her, because i felt like i was a bad person for seeing it
and i expected her to like yell at me or something
it was truly disturbing
hahahaha
i was trying to look at the car...the hummer...
and i forget to put a "." in the right spot will going to hummer.com, to play around with the "build your own car" thing
dont laugh at me
hahahahaha
I AM ACTUALLY LAUGHING
I'm in the library
laughing
usually I have to hold in in
and suffer
but I just began to laugh
HUMMERS
I FORGOT THAT MEANS SOMETHING SEXUAL.
dear god
you were a twisted child
why did you visit that ssite
i just wanted to build the cars man
i bought a hummer car model and put the entire car together and painted it
i was obsessed with them
i do not know why'hahaha
that's fucking weird
however
before I wanted to be a paleontologist
I wanted to be
a "door to door vacuum cleaner salesman"
here's why
I was obsessed with the way they worked
I thought they were really interesting
WHAT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"NO ONE SAYS THAT"
This is probably more indicative of someone who wants to be an engineer
HOWEVER
my grandma
being the stupid old bitch that she is
started telling people
BEFORE I WANTED TO BE A PALEONTOLOGIST...I WANTED TO SELL VACUUMS, TIN A DOOR TO DOOR FASHION
that I wanted to be a "door to door vacuum cleaner sales man"
and eventually I just adopted that
hahahahahahaha
because I didn't realize that it wasn't true
I was like
well vacuums are interesting machines
she's right
that's the title of the career that I am fantasizing about
years later
I CANT STOP LAUGHIGN
help
I realized it was something like "material engineer" or "factory worker"
but my whole family
like shared this ideal
that I wanted to be a door to door sales man
"ideal"
i HATE when people say ideal but they mean idea
chris' mom does it
because shes retarded
It works better than idea here
I know
it bugs the HELL out of me
but I meant to say it.
you would notice if I had that habit
i know youre using it correctly
it just reminded me
of how i dont like it used
I WANT A BURRITO
i want a dirt devil
one time
hell yes
my gradnafather
dude vacuums are the best
got me a dirt devil for my birthday
and I was liek
"yes great"
that's when I began to trivialize my family's intelligence and got into outer space and dinosaurs
like
HAHAHAHA
they really thought that little of me
they got you a litle vacuum
hahahaha
so I had my birthday at sunrise and was like GET ME SCIENCE THINGS
I was like
seriously bothered
I REMEMBER SUNRISE PARTIES
I thought it was just a joke for the LONGEST TTIME
YEP
HAHAHAHAHA
THE BUBBLE SHEET
THE SOUND THINGY
it's so funny envisioning these scenes of you with your family being crazy
ALL OF THE COOL PHYSICS EXPERIMENTS FOR KIDS
HAHAHAHAHAA
because you look the same as you did then
so i can really see it
THEY'VE ALWAYS BEEN INSANE
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
I realized something else about my childhood
all these "past searches" kept popping up on our computer
like of really weird sex things
like you know how suggestions will pass over from sight to sight in the same kind of seearch bar
well I'd be on yahoo kids
and double click the bar
and it would say "interracial porn"
hahahaha nooooo
convinced these things were viruses
I mean obviously it wasn't
we called the company
and my uncle
because he got us the computer
Years later
I thought
It was my dad wasn't it.
Viruses don't insert things into the search bar.
Hands do
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
dude like
finding porn or anything as a child
is the worst
you feel so betrayed
because its like
they know i a  child
why would they allow me access to this
you feel like god hates you
It's awful
OH
BTW
on a vacation
years later
I found rape fetish porn on my dads laptop
so this was the confirmation
ALSO ON MY STEP MOMS LAPTOP BUT FOREIGN WOMEN WERE EMPHASIZED
anyway
jesus christ hahaha
dude give me like 5 minutes to do some work
im being attacked by my friends
yeah I should go for a few hours
and josh said to send you to a website with funny gifs
so here
MUST WORK
ok
haha
http://www.reddit.com/r/holdmybeer
also josh has now started talking to me on like a total giggly teenager level
jesus christ
https://i.imgur.com/tH96Rnn.gif
this
what the hell
was that man vs. speed bump
HAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
(man loses)
https://i.imgur.com/nLpfllv.gif
i pity that fool
that poor guy got set up to get punked out TWICE
my reflexes (like a cheetah on the prowl) would have avoided that sign
and taken down my enemy
#honor
#honoryourancestors dont #getpunkedoutbyasign
or I would have summoned the other VCM (vaping christian moms) to exorcise him
i cant even
why
hahahahaha
talk to meeeee
im so broed
"broed"
I AM BOARD
hahaha
Busy
I'LL TTYL
aw k
Bearing gifts of prose from Ian messes fb
GOOD THANK YOU
lol
https://i.imgur.com/tShVEIo.gif
took me like
5 times to see he was on a rope
hahaha
im trying to find a gargoyle male and it's so difficult
i found an awesome one for cheap, but of course it's sold
the good ones always are
am I right tony?
hahahahaha
lunch brb
Ian Jessee
Yesterday near Charleston, WV
I shall tell you a great secret, my friend. Do not wait for the last judgment. It takes place every day.
 Albert Camus
Ian Jessee
April 23 near Charleston, WV
Pain precedes progress...
he is so crazy
like holy fuck
I have to tell yo usomthin
tell meh
You may want to write this down
hahaha
Or type it
okay
go
you have EVEN MORE time for this application. They're normal HR person has quit, and my moms boss said that you are going to need to go into highlands front door, and ask for a paper application. At the top you should right "FOR CHRIS HANDY" which is the name of the person my mom works for and he will be the one who is in charge of the hiring process
So do that at your leisure
that's such a stroke of good luck!
well not for the hr lady
but you know
lol
do you think if i wait too long i wont get a job there? or is it really at my leisure?
Don't wait too long
of course
i want to be there asap anyways
but I think if you wait just like even a week OR LESS even
just that much delay
I know would be helopful to you
but I don't htink you will lose this job
but yeah I think you can decide the adequate amount of time
Ok matt is curious about a chameleon
that was at the expo
he intends to get it
I need information
haha
hahaha i dont know too much about chameleons
that was the first time i held one
Who was that
and it kinda hurt with its pinchy feet
lolz
Mat wants THAT ONE
it was valley pets
hahahaha
ok
haha
he can call them
alright cool
tell them he's friends with me
my mom just had no idea who was selling it
he can ask to talk to eric, the owner, or jessica
ok alright neat
theyre both very nice
i told josh i would need to get his phone number again later for the new application
he acts butt hurt that i didnt save it
hahaha
HAHA
: ' (
http://deprofundisclamo.tumblr.com/post/28342186513/see-anything
http://37.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7zf7acYb11rqrp63o1_500.gif
Click the second one
okay lol
sorry josh was here talking about
nothing
lol
i hate you
lolol
WHAT IS THAT
</3
thanks christ
hahaha
where did you find that?
buzz feed linked me to tumblr which linked me to that
hahaha
my vape juice
-christy carlson ramano
is butter beer from harry potter
but after steeping, it tastes like belgian waffles with syrup
WHAT
haha
it makes everything i have smell like waffles and syrup
oh my vape
hahahaha
Vpe!
i wish i could type S P E C I A L characters
"characters"
do you remember thank you for smoking
YES
hahaha
and that song
love that movie
"SMOKE SMOKE SMOKE THAT CIGARETTE"
i dont recall the song
it's by willy nelson
they play it during the movie
I laughed SO HARD
the lyrics are tymeless
he like
talks about going to heaven almost, and then saying like, STOP I HAVE TO HAVE A SMOKE FIRST
i want to watch that movie
hahahaha
i love re watching movies
chris does not
some people don't
I know people who can't watch the same movie twice within like two years
I can watch something if i like it
every day
yea me too
and i like to
but i cant now
I'm going to start measuring time in lunar days
i want to watch donnie darko every day
lol
hahahaha
let's convert from standard
to lunar
well you know
how does that work, exactly?
did patches get you into this?
it's with reference to how long it takes the moon to revolve once around the earth
it has nothing to do with the sun
HAhahahaah
a day is not a day
24 hours and 50 minutes is one day
whaaat
that sounds more accurate
lol
I'm gonna sayyyyy
it probably is
i do that too
"im gonna say"
like, its unneccesary
but i have to say it
it accounts for the compensatory time it takes for the earth catch up because of the direction the moon rotates
THE HINDUS USE A LUNAR CALENDAR
WHEN HAVE THEY EVER BEEN WRONG
so are they like...
in 1800s?
hahahaha
*space ghost*
im reading comics called "jl8"
its the justice league, but at 8 years old in school
and its SO GOOD
http://limbero.org/jl8/67
HAHA!
dude read it lol
josh sent it to me motnhs ago
and im trying to get caught up
they write one every week i think
YOU LOOK VERY HANDSOME MASTER BRUCE
PLEASE TRY TO HAVE A GOOD DAY
HAHAHAHAHAHA
hahahaha
i told you!
its so good
I just looked out my window
and saw a kid wearing an ironic t shirt with mike tyson on it
probably 200 feet away
and I almost threw my computer at him
but then I realized
If I had done so
I could not share this story with you
hahahahahaha
you hate mike tyson that much?
or just hipsters?
no i hate ironic t shirts
i couldn't read it but i'm sure it was CAKED WITH IRONY
why else woudl you wear a t shirt with his face.
HAHAHAA
so one of the ads on my time line is this
PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY CAUGHT HAVING "S*X" IN THE OVAL OFFICE: SECRET SERVICE AGENS IN FOR QUITE A SURPRISE LATE YESTERDAY EVENING WHILE COMPLETING SECURITY ROUNDS. WATCH IT HERE
what
MMMMMMmmmmmmMMMMmm
hahahahahaha
thats the only appropriate comment for that
i just started feeling sick\
=/
damn
I'll pray 4 u
like really sick though
or like
headache and a cgh
no like slightly nauseous
Damn
That's no good
no it is not
and of course when i get nauseous
i think of all the terrible things that could cause it
http://limbero.org/jl8/85
http://limbero.org/jl8/86
I love these
theyre amazing
hey
hai
whats up
just doin the work thang
that work thanggg
*snaps fingers*
*r&B*
I have a "Q"
hahahaha
aks me
If your car could make it, how much money would it take to get you to columbus say in the afternoon monday and then back? I'm willing to pay whatever plus gas IF this is possible. I'm basically stranded here. If you think your car could make it I could cover everything (gas, food, ect) plus we could make it a fun road trip thing and listen to beck the whole time
OMG THAT SOUNDS LIKE SO MUCH FUN
REALLY
i actually may be able to borrow the subaru from my dad
i can ask him
I LOVE YOU BEST FRIEND
THANK YOU
I LOVE YOU TOO THIS WILL BE FUN
let me text muh dad
my mom said she could give you money before you left
i wont need it before hand
you can just cover gas if you want, the subaru is pretty good on it anyways
plus ive driven to columbus like a million times lol
YES
i just gotta get the clear form him haha.  i doubt it would be a problem.  im gonna be looking for new cars on sunday anyways
this would be so *patches*
hahaha
dad says hes at the farm and he'll check about it when he gets home
ok cool
josh is trying to tell me that our current vaping mods are not suitable, im about to blow my brains out
" lordmacbayne:  i don;t know why you would look at this as a good, finished product.
its obvious that it needs re-engineering.  "
Tell him this from me:
You are not a vaping engineer. Stop judging everyone's custom mods.
hahahahaha
he said that the constant screwing and unscrewing is ANNOYING TO WATCH
tell him to vape with the lights low
i told him he doesnt know what hes talking about
He never does
thank you for calling him on it
usually it's jsut funny
but this time
THIS IS VAPING HUNTER
me:  they are constantly engineering
im sorry but i dont think you know what youre talking about lol
 lordmacbayne:  not specifically, no.
HAHAHAHA
HES JUST TALKING FOR TALKINGS SAKE
i know dude
hold on hahaha
lordmacbayne:  not specifically, no.
if someone had to take their phone apart everytime they had to use it
or several times as they were using it
no one would ever use a phone.
anyway
showers.
im just like, i cant do this
hahahaha
me:  you are the only person i have ever heard complain about this, and you dont vape, so i think we're doing so good so far lol
I hate him literally but I love him conceptually
HAHAHAHAHAHA
like honey boo boo?
hahahahahahahaha
yes
exactly like honey boo boo
like honey boo boo
christianity
steven hawking
I'ved coffees
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
and so, so many more things
omg
loooool
FREUDIAN PSYCHOLOGY IS A VERY GOOD EXAMPLE OF HOW I FEEL ABOUT JOSH. IT'S BULLSHIT BUT I LOVE DISCUSSING IT
AND USING IT
yes
agreed 100%
freudian stuff is the best
hahahaha
IRONICALLY
we use it on him
hahahaha
double negative
so
i lvoe them both
you know what
if i start thinking about everything i love to hate and hate to love
my mind would turn inside out
and josh would explain to you that this is bad after it's already been established that it's bad. (e.g., repeating the obvious in a clever way to sound smarter.) (e.g., Bill Maher)
(Your brain is inside out literally and figuratively)
i cant even keep up with that hahaha
it's too early on a saturdeyy!
dee
I have to go
I have to go play a song by pop artist pink for a gay man's wedding proposal
that is not a clever lie
it is true.
I will talk to you later
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
BYE
Yea I can come get you Monday
YES
YES
YES
YES
nan
kitty high five
Dude
nan
I'm the worst
The girl at the pharmacy. ..NOT THE GIRL AT THE COFFEE SHOP...remembers my name
hahahahaha
What am I
PHARMER
I'm an old woman
Fuck you
You're a farmer
Yes
hahahaha
With an f
dude
breaking news
OK
tell me if i caused this
Lolol
all of a sudden, josh is interested in trying acid because i said i might buy some and he wants me to save some for him for "when he decides he's ready"
p.s. the only reason i would buy any is because i know for a fact its real and not a research chem that could kill me
Okay two things
go ahead and shame me first
haha
One, you're justifying yourself and YOU KNOW YOU DONT HAVE TO DO THAT WITH ME. I especially won't judge you for LSD. They fucking use it to treat combat veterans haha.


Two, Josh is NOT going to try acid. He is an introvert and not open to anything new at heart. He just wants you to think he's "edgy." He's not and you know it. Don't be confused by his false sense of openness. It isn't real. haha
also lsd is DEFINITELY not additive
another reason why I don't care
haha
okay well im glad you dont care because i also know it's decently harmless and im only trying half a blotter tab anyways
also
you may be right, most likely
but here's how i feel
TELL ME HOW YOU FEEL
i think josh decided he would try something edgy to get in closer with me.  i think he would actually try something if it would give him an opportunity to connect with me on some weird level.
because recently he is not himself
he is being wayyy too nice to me
I think he wants to want to connect with you. He thinks he is willing to try anything. But here's the truth: people don't change.
People behave differently externally, but internally they will never be able to fully face the consequences of doing something out of character
you sound like hannibal right now
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
seriously that is TOTAL hannibal advice
I've seen the first season of that show
It's sound advice
it is sound advice
a  lot of hannibal's is
hahaha
thats how he's an anti hero and not a villain
People will create the illusion of change in order to restore balance in relationships, but changing isn't in human nature.
The person on the receiving end
well,
They might accept the perceived change as actual change even though nothing really happened
But josh doing acid out of NOWHERE
sorry, no hahaha
that is incredibly true and ive never thought about that before
let me show you the conversation, hahahaha
you will enjoy this i think
*picks flesh from teeth*
ok
HAHAHA
In exchange I will send you more ian jesse
okay thats a fair trade
me:  martin's trying to get me to buy some acid
ive always wanted to experience it, but i also hate psychadelics, so it's a no for me
 Sent at 2:50 PM on Saturday
 lordmacbayne:  you know, i probably should.
 Sent at 2:58 PM on Saturday
 me:  should what?
 Sent at 3:00 PM on Saturday
 lordmacbayne:  try acid at some point.
 me:  are you serious or fucking with me?
 lordmacbayne:  i don't really want to
but i probably should before i die.
 me:  well if you ever decide its the time for that, let me know, because i refuse to trip by myself and i dont know anyone else that would trip with me and not mess with me for fun
but you should probably, like, hit a joint once before you drop acid
haha
no one goes from 0 to acid and enjoys it.
HAHA
I think
It's starting to hit him that he's 36 and his life has been incredibly boring compared to a 20 year old.
thats what im telling you
HAHAHAHAHA
Ian Jessee shared a link.
14 hours ago
Rama Lama Ding Dong!!!
he is learning to have fun
vicariously through me
HAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHA
Unlike    Share
You, Allison Q. Kessinger and 5 others like this.
View 2 more comments

Ian Jessee http://youtu.be/4FqhtPWl9WM

Michael Jackson - Mama Say Mama Sa Mama Coosa - Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'
Michael jackson wanna be starting something mama se mama sa mama coosa thriller album
Ian Jessee
16 hours ago near Charleston, WV
I want to be Oda Mae Brown for Halloween...gold lamay and tassel love!  watching Ghost.
IMJ DYING
HERE'S THE GOD DAMN KICKER
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Ian Jessee was watching Mean Girls.
18 hours ago near Charleston, WV
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAAHAHA
Ian Jessee
April 24 near Charleston, WV
I shall tell you a great secret, my friend. Do not wait for the last judgment. It takes place every day.
 Albert Camus
DUDE OH MY GOD
fucking jesus fag
literally
MY DAD IS HAVING A MANIC EPISODE AS WELL
HE TEXTED ME THIS MORNING
HOLD ON
I yelled at him for
hahahahahaha
last night I texted him
because
matt hadn't called him in a long time, and he finally answered one of my dads calls and admitted that he "didn't want to speak with him." my dad automatically started yelling, accused him of mutiny, asked to speak with my mom and accused her of conspiracies against him AGAIN
what a loon
I was like fuck off ass hole, matt's not stupid enough to be manipulated by anyone. He's actually smarter than you. I'm able to tolerate anything except treating matt poorly.
This morning
at like
FIVE AM
he says this
And keep in mind
he is also hyper religuous for some reason
and paranoid
Michael, not sure where you get your stories from but when you are reviewing this text with others maybe you can figure it out.

No one speaks to me tha t way. Additionally, in doing that, you have done it for the last time. I'll keep this one for a while to remind me of the reasons life takes it's turns.

The manipulation continues and it's the proof of explanation for anyone who wonders.

I owe you no explanation for anything other than this. When peopl e lie, cheat, and steal, and couldn't borrow a nickel even if they had a dime as collateral, it speaks loud to the character. Someday, when you are succe ssful and are sitting around with your own kids, you may regret the decisions you made on how to communicate with me. Your brother has begged me to talk to you in the past make  you spend time with him so I'm glad you are close to him now. Maybe you can make him understand that he can make it in life with out constant overview and control from others. He needs to understand that.

One important thing to remember and you can go back to believing whatever yo u want from here.

I love you and will always do my best to help you get to where you need to be. I know you will do well in life and I hope to see you s ometime when you decide to stop letting the ones who started this path continue on it. That is the path of hatred and discontent, jealousy etc. ya know, god would have guided people differently, it has always made me wonder why he didn't. Judgement is the true test for all people who proclaim faith. And, he who judges is trying to get the attention off of his own problems and sins........ Bueno nochas,
IT SOUNDS LIKE IAN
I replied
"YOU SOUND LIKE A NUT CASE I OVERREACTED BUT I WAS MAD AT YOU FOR UPSETTING MATT. BUT READ THIS BACK TO YOURSELF AND TELL ME THAT YOU ARE OKAY WITH WHAT THIS SAYS"
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAH
OMG
OMG
OMG
YOUR DAD IS A LOON
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
He told me last year
that he worked for the government
and agents would be coming to my dorm to question me about his life, EVEN IF i ignored their calls
HAhahahahahahahahaa
your dad is seriously so crazy
I know hahahhaahahahaha
dude
he's gotten so much worse
that is the rambling of a mad man
you know that i havent actually physically seen him since that party of yours in preschool
He has been removed from my life since then lol. The time frame there is spot on
At first i expected agents to come
and then i was like
WAIT
every time i would go to your house in middle school it always was really weird to me that your dad wasnt there, and i thought he would come in the door any minute and be like WHO IS THIS CHILD IN MY HOUSE
MY DAD IS THE ONE WITH SCHIZOTYPAL PERSONALITY DISORDER
NOT JOSH
I PLACED IT ON THE WRONG PERSON
yea your dad is seriously crazy and the text you sent him back is spot on hahaha
Like, he has claiemd he had a government job for like 8 years
HE HASN'T
Dude he's so fucked up
did I tell you about how he almost went to jail for man slaughter?
NO
TELL ME
this is fucking awful
he has NO empathy or remorse about this
he fucking ran his god damn tahoe through the pick up truck of a young man, and his grandfather, both veterans. HE KILLED THE YOUNGER GUY. There was no evidence he was drunk. The grandfather sued him for manslaughter, and that was a pretty solid case. He should've gone to jail for years. He got out of it.
Not to mention the hundreds of thousands of dollars he embezzled with his fake companies (which I didn't know at the time were fake).
The whole city of charleston hates him
he made almost a million dollars pick pocketing investors basically
He's been sued for that too
got out of it
CLASSIC narcissism
wow
that is just
insane
wait
what about his real estate companies
were they like
They were never real
fake estate companies?
he had like 12 of them
one was partially real
he was like bernie madoff
but in wv
HAHAHAHA
hahahaha
your dad is like a state wide criminal
yeah
DUDE
why do you think he lives in isolation near a lake
I was friends with lester rain's step daughter in 10th grade, and wasn't aloud to come over because my name was basically like human shit to him
He burned a LOT of bridges
wow
that really sucks
hopegully youll be able to make good on your name for all the shit your dad did
hahaha
But like, I remember that he was too stupid to actually be bernie madoff, and I'm going to be a successful person
and stop caring
like he was so close to being the perfect criminal
but just
not smart enough
hahahaa
YOU COULD BE THE PERFECT CRIMINAL
hahahaha
I have had background checks done on him like 5 times. I got really into it at one point. I actually blackmailed him for a while
HAHAHAHA WHAT
I spent about 500 bucks. (money he gave me ironically)
what
how
deets
now
*lydia deets*
He cheated on his taxes
Well
more than we knew
One time he had to pay the IRS 257,000 bucks
hahahaha
but he had a lot of money put back
and I knew about it
I knew about his assets
He put EVERYTHING
in his dads name
no liabilities
he was basically invisible
oh god haha
and he thought no one knew
I found out
This was also the time that I guessed all of marias passwords and held her accounts ransom so she would be nic e to my dying grandfather hahahaha
OMG YOUR FAMILY IS SICK
but thats okay, you got this
hahaha
I am robin hood
So to speak
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YES
Seriously
I keep my family in line
I have to lie to all of them to make them all think that I'm on their side in this great debate of who's the bigger piece of shit
I'm on good terms with everyone
so I get what I want
They're all fucking idiots lol
and if there's a conflict
this is kind of how i play my parents
I can use what I know to resolve it
hahaha
Dude
my dad hates me
and I got him to cosign a loan for 8,000 bucks once.
Like
I have these people right where I want them lol
you get it
So I found this new personality type thing. It's called "talent today" and it's a free service that profiles your strengths and weaknesses
Someone posted their results on facebook
I'm about to go to it
oooho
sounds FUN
also what is fun, is messaging insults to someone who is sitting right beside you
hahahaha what
martin is sitting beside me in his cubicle
and we just play fight back and forth on IM
it's pretty funny
called him eurotrash
because hes from scottland
scotland
HSHAHAHAHAHAHA
EUROTRASH
i love that word
hahahaha
https://www.facebook.com/workaholicstv/photos/a.10150162728546814.296463.347546366813/10152022444086814/?type=1&theater
HAHAHA
workaholics ftw
chris is pissed at me over something
im pretty sure
and he wont tell me what
MAKE HIM
i tried
he said he doesnt know why hes in a bad mood
could just be one of those days
everyone has them
let it be
i dont know man
what do you thinks up
it's whatever, he could be angry that i talk to josh
which he gets irritated with sometimes
he was kind of upset that ichanged my passwords when i was mad at him too
ok
he just figured thqat out a couple days ago
You know how I feel about the passwrod thing
If you are logging into eachothers shit
that isn't a real realtionship
it's good that you did it
for the sake of the relationship
he doesnt think so
of course
well he's never been in an adult relationship!
haha
hahaha
yea like...i didnt know that was abnormal
i thought everyone just automically shared their shit
dude it is
no
it shows trust issues
that's like
here's my analogy
You come home, and you check your phone with chris at the door. He reads all of your texts and emails, and let's you into the proverbial home
Trust means having a private part of your life
ahhhh
okay
i mean...he makes me feel guilty about things that arent bad
Like whay?T
like talking to josh, for one
i dont even like mentioning josh to him
because even saying his name
makes me feel shame
it shouldn't
but it does
sigh
well
Is there anything else?
or is it mainly josh?
he is still semi hostile about that
it's mainly josh
like, ill try to show him something cool that josh showed me
and i do everything i can to not mention josh
and then he'll ask, where did you find that?
and i have to say josh showed me
and then i know he instantly loses interest
well he's never going to be kay with josh
solution: don't mention him
lie if you must
say you found it.
well
don't lie
well
who cares
If you can lie without becoming a habitual liar
that's ok
yea might as well
because it's not like it even matters
if it makes things easier
yeah exactly
he says hes going stir crazy sitting in the house
ah i see what it is
ok
he got manipulated by his "friends" and the vapor shop owner to build a power point to present to a small group of people about vaping, an educational thing.  but apparently the guy started advertising on the radio and shit and chris is stressing out and theyre manipulating him because hes nice
Oh I'm sorry
that's shitty
I'm so glad I'm generally a scrooge
yep, people pleasing made me miserable so i dont do it anymore
People please me
HAHA
I am not one to be taken advantage of
thankfully
i used to be
not so much anymore
on occasion i can be
but i try to be stern
You are less easily taken advantage of now. You have more self confidence than you once did.
which is good
yea i had to stop being a doormat
it doesnt work in the real world
not if you want to be semi happy
haha
I worship myself
it could either end in disaster
or GREAT CONQUEST
it's honestly 50/50
think about it
hahahaha
i honestly think im the shit as well
because i have to
or else no one else will
Even if you don't believe it, telling yourself that you're the best has a synergistic effect
you tend to succeed
stand in the bathroom long enough you'll eventually have to piss right
i know, it works pretty well, in my experience
hahaha
HAHAHAHA
i love that
It's one of my many life philosophies
You can apply that to any area of life
talk enough about something, eventually people recognize you as an expert on it
ect ect
yea dude
someone called me "a professional" the other day
and i was like uhh uhh uhhh im no expert or anything
hahaha
You are though
Well
I don't know if you are
but you talk about reptiles  so often, I wouldn't know how to discredit you.
See?
Talking more is always a win win situation
You get to be the center of attention and the smartest current human in the room
yes dude, i have seriously mastered that so much
i posted on something earlier
and just made everyone else look like total shit
hahahaha
Good
by being nice and knowledgeable
Builds credibility
I sit in the front of all my classes. I cut people off, I kiss ass, I interrupt people when they're wrong, and I ask questions that make the professors feel smart
my classmates don't like me much
but who do you think is getting a recommendation?
HAHA YES
BURN THEM
BURN ALL THE OTHERS
TO GET AHEAD
SUCCESS SUCCESS SUCCESS
I know this is funny, but I'm not kidding. You can't be a wimp and be respected. haha
And I would burn everyone
IN FACT
I HAVE
INCLUDING DAVID WALLACE
HAHAHAHAHA DAVID WALLACE
IS BOTH YOUR CAT
AND A MADE UP CEO
AND A REAL CEO
OF A MADE UP COMPANY
OH YEA
YOURE RIGHT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahahahahaha
you should get a collar for wallie
and make it say
YES
I SHOULD
"DAVID WALLACE: CEO OF DUNDER MITTENS"
Oh my god
SUCH CLEVER
YOU GET ONE GOLD STAR
TAKEN FROM SPONGEBOBS STARS
but spongebob worked so hard for those stars
OH WHAT THE HELL HE CANT EVEN DRIVE ANYWAYS
I will pump him full of hydrochloric acid and squeeze as hard as i can
oh god no
hahahahaha
hahahahahaahahah
I AM
*PATRICK*
no
nono
I
AM
*PAT-BACK*
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
NOOOOO
THATS SO DISTURBING
PAT
hhhhrrrr
BACK
lololol
I LOVED that one
I
AM
PAT-BHACKKKKK
HAHAHAHAHA
he says it with extra *umph*
he doesw
i mean
he was really tensing up his back muscles there
HAHHAHAHA
STRAIGHT FLEXIN
PATRICKS BACK DO U EVEN LIFT
ariel is always saying
"flex yo self"
hahahahaha
that is bothersome
he goes to the gym all the time
hahaha
SERIOUSLY
HE'S SO SMALL AND UNDEFINED FOR SOMEONE WHO WORKS OUT SO MUCH
yeah i think you mentioned that once before
haha
he flexes in his photos
The way you descrbed him
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
before i saw a photo of him
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahahahahahahahahahahah
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
hahahahahahahahaahahahahahahaa
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ahahahahaha
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA
SUSPECTS HE FLEXES
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
and chris suspects he flexes in front of me
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
haahahahah
read that back to yourself
why did you word it like that
hahahahahhaahahaha
i dont know man
hahahahahaaha
YOUR ID WANTS TO MAKE ME LAUGH
AND YOUR EGO LETS IT HAPPEN
dude
freud
hahahahaha
if i do too much acid
i will lose my ego
i dont want that to happen
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH
like
WHO AM I
WHOSE DRUGS ARE THESE
MINE?
OKAY
technically
that means you will lose all impulsivity and neuroticism
soo
maybe that isn't bad
hahahahaha
martin says its awesome
you just start laughing at your existenced
and nothing matters anymore
if i did it
I feel like maybe
I'd finally
get the will to kill other adult males who wear t shirts with cats on them
hahahahahaha
wait
but with heat beams
from my eyes
other adult mles
so do you wear cat shirts?
wait
you just want to kill that ian fag
hahahahaha
i do too, its okay
I'm gonna let you figure this one out.
no, I do not wear cat shirts
hahahaha
this basicalyl covers
anyone who shops at urban outfitters
YOU ARE NOT URBAN
YOU ARE A RICH WHITE GUY WHO'S STUDYING PHOTOGRAPHY AT YALE
HAHAHA
dude i need to leave this place haha
it's driving chris insane
and im tired
i just needa go hooome
YOU'RE GETTING CLOSE
whoa
no caps
you're getting close
HAHAHAHA
i dont know why
but our conversations
have made me start screaming at people via text
lolololol
wHAT
haha
what do you mean specifically
like
ive started capitalizing things that dont need capitalized
HAHA
i do it all the time now
and then sometimes ill read it back to myself
and be like
that looks like the writings of a crazy person
hahahaha
"the ramblings of a loon"
as you so FREQUENTLY LIKE TO SAY
its hard to come up with so many different phrases for the same situations
SO SOMETIMES I REPEAT MYSELF
DO SOMETHIGN ABOUT IT
hahahaha
no it's not
you have fucking access to the worlds largest encyclopedia
the internet mother fucker
i will murder you
ask josh about it
hahahaha
he knows
have him
you sounded like josh just now
so i hated you for like 2 seconds
hahahahaha
elucidate it
is that the word he used
I feel like it i
s
YES
YES
YES
YES
(Also, josh must be very unpleasant to talk to)
IT WAS
HAHAHAHAHAHA
What does this prove
Not only can I be josh
HAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
IM DYING
but I can be a better josh than he can be
HE IS A SHELL OF A MAN
ANYONE CAN BE JOSH
What a shit head
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i cant breathe
Let me elucidate it for you
Dude
NO DONT EVER DO THAT
hahahahaha
the only reason i thought of that
is because
I was going through my old papers from this semester
and it was in one of the journal articles
and i forgot to tell you
because I didn't think it mattereed anymore
so I THREW IT OUT
oh nooooo
hahahahaha
with *these*
*mitts*
I'm going to start replacing one word in my most used phrases with an outrageous synonym
thats a MARVELOUS idea
splotchy pattern agrees
aberrant markings does not!
$beans coming out of my mouth$
HAHAHAHAHA
$crude dance$
*crude fat*
do you realize
HAHAHA
do you realize
that the funniest shit we have come up with
has been between the shortest period of time I will go without hanging out with you: spring break and the end of the school year
throughout all of this year
that small period wins
It's marvelous
MARVELOUS
BA HA HA HA
Pesto cream hen
thats how new englanders laugh
ha
ha
ha
ha
SHORT QUICK BURSTS OF LAFFTER
chris is in danger
HOW
WHAT
WHY
I can't stop laughing at how you might have reacted to that statement
help me
hahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
my stomach hurts
CHRIS IS IN DANGER
HAHAHAHAHAHA
NO HE IS NOT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I SHALL PROTECT HIM
YOU KNOW THAT LAUGHTER
WHERE
you just like
gasp for air
and kind of pant like a hurt pup.
yes i do
very well
and want it to be over
that's where i am now
HAHAHAHAHA
CHRIS IS IN DANGER
A HURT PUP
MY THROAT
it hurts
ok
hahahahahahahahaha
youre finished
HAHAH
NOPE
YOU'RE FINISHED
*FINISH HIMMMMMMM*
a dog eating his own shit
i just heard a child's scream
did it sound like real fear or attention fear
it sounded like
mild real fear
was it beverly
actually
it may have been chris
HAHAHA
he is in danger
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAH
IM LOSING IT
HELP ME
I CAN'T
HELP
HAHAHAHAHAAHA
hahahahahahahahaha
HOW IS THIS A NEW THING
HAHAHAHAHA
tell me something
why are we not writing comedy
because this shits hilarious
HAHAHAHAA
There are like t least
100,000 people who would die listening to us just talk
I'm saying 100,000
i know dude
we're like a better version of stella
because there's only one michael, not two
because that's about how much of the population i believe ACTUALLY likes tim and eric
so that's a good like
proportion to our comedic potential
HAHAHAHAHA WE ARE NOT TIM AND ERIC
WE ARE FAR BETTER
no
but we are weird as chris
because he is in danger
*alert*
*alert*
*alert*
all of your reptiles are under water
*alert*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
THE GHOST SPRINKLERS WENT OFF
OH NO
HAHHAHAHA
THERES A GHOST FIRE
HITLER STARTED BURNING THE JEWISH GECKOS
AND SHE'S BAD WITH FIRE SAFETY
I'm reporting her to david wallace the new cfo
*WE ARE NOT MAD AT U HITLER*
YES WE R
I AM SAFETY OFFICER
*alert*
*alert*
*alert*
hahahahahahahahaha
please dont tell david wallace
ill never get my christmas FISH bonus
please
im begging you
im going to tell rush limbaugh that u r workin and chris is at home
he is going to finish you off
Hunter armstead: the blaspheem that destroyed the american family
a wild zapedos appears
it uses
"knife"
you're in danger
HAHAHAHAHAHA
SO MANY THINGS HAVE JUST HAPPENED TO MY LIFE
I NEED GREIF COUNSELING
STAT
HAHAHAHAHAHHA
well
I DESTROYED THE AMERICAN FAMILY
YOU READ IT
I READ IT
dr. steve GRULE offers 3 d per w gcs
u bring the za
omg
cant breathe
omg
hahahahahahaha
the za
hahahahaha
don't you just
want to kill humans who say that
ZA
i have never heard a real person say that
and if i had
they would be dead
i believe the children are our future
teach them well and let them lead the way
*whitney houston*
*whiskey enema*
Don't bring whiskey into this
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=833920653301978&set=a.313849771975738.92070.100000521533075&type=1&theater
my new ink
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
also
"TATTED"
HAHAHAHA
is one of those wordsssss
"BEANS"?
HAHAHAHA
i swear
it says beans
can i get
ill have the
ill take the
how about the
whats in the
white rice and pinto
tell me about the
how is the
and guac
also
IS THAT VEGAN
HUH
IS IT?
beef
ARE YOU A MURDERER?
OR IS IT VEGAN?
and
*KORN*
*I'M COMING UNDONE*
on the *KOBB*
EVOOOLLUUTTIOOONNN
who is it that loves korn
is it kriss?
....chris used to
hahahahaha
hahahahahahaahahaha
krisssssss
lolol
I used to like pantera
and now
hey im doing a BUZZZZfeed quiz
when I  see the word "pantera"
I can't stop laughing
so ill BEEEEE right b ack
OK
hahaha get it
buzz
OK3prgj
bee
HAHAHAHA
089yt734it90jgot490ojg0ijj'
uibhrjlriu903j4ituhroipregantseeotterhoehg409utwjopgnt
3gkbouhirjp3gohelpme'ithgt
jp[j630
bergohip3[igk;'lmkthjtqerfgoreijfgvwrbgieorfinguohrehifieruhowgyhittoiehoreghwr;ogrogwrbgehe09t55096565o4prk[eg;'thereedeemerlives90uhti59t0io5t
jktskuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkdddddddddddjjjjjjjjjjjjhhhhhhhhhhhhnnnnnnnnnnnjjjjjjjjgggggg
wat
are u mute
*mumbles* mrrrrhhrrrm
i left cryptic messages inside of those letters that i sent
REALLY I MUST FIND THEM WHERE ARE THEY LEMME AT EM
scroll up and look
'thereedeemerlives
im dying
hahahahhahahaa
the redeemer
hahahahahahaha
christ the redeemer
he works at the front counter
bring in your tickets
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
for a cash prize
martin just read that
and is dying
read what?
hahaha
christ the redeemer who works at the front counter
the chist thing?
hahaha
HAHAHA
oh ok
we have an audience!
hahahahaha
Correction
I have an audience
*superiority complex*
http://whateverblog.dallasnews.com/2014/04/diggers-hunting-for-ataris-e-t-games-in-landfill.html/
I FUCKING SAW THIS
OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHA
hahahaha
fucking et
PUNISHMENT FITS THE CRIME
THAT FUCKING GAME
worst game evrrr
EW
HAHAHAHA
hey juuuude, dont make meee
what comes nexst
TELL ME
NOW
um
cry?
THATS WHAT I THOUGHT
HAHA
NO
YES
WHAT
OKAY
ok
thereis
don't let me down
don't make it bad
um
what else
DONT BE AFRAID
I don't know what else
martin is trying to sding it
sing
but doesnt know the lyrics
hahahaha
HEY JUDE
DONT MAKE ME
SAD?
DONT MAKE IT BAD
hahahahahaha
TAKE A SAD SONG
THEN YOU CAN START
TO MAKE IT BETTTER
TO LET IT IN TO YOUR HEART
AND MAKE IT BEEE EE EETTER
REMEMB ER
HEY JUDE
DONT BE AFRAID
YOU WERE MADE TO
GO OUT AND GE EE EETER
THE MINUTE
YOU LET HER UNDER YOUR SKIN
THEN YOU BEGIN
TO MAKE IT BETTER
na na na naa nahh
nahh nah nahh
you both SUCK
hahahahahaha
oerfghorehg35ht0943j09thereedeemerliveso35th9548gh9irn
we have a loony canadian guard
hahaha
OK
PROCEED WITH STORI
and he just spews bullshit about his life in canada everywhere
hes super nice
but just
crazy
he said a junkie in vancouver attacked him with blood filled AIDs syringes
hahahaha
OH MY FUCKING THE MORMON JESUS
HEHEHEHEEHEHEHE
*pigtails*
OMG HAHAHAHA
YOU TURNED INTO PIPPY LONGSTOCKINGS
HAHAHA SHITTING GOD FUCK
HAHAHAHA
PIPPY LONGSTOCKINGS
oh fuck
I messed something up
I'm stroking out
okay i almost just stroked out
hahahahahahaha
there's a kind of epilepsy
where the seizure
is you zoning out for 10 or so seconds
and that's all
think hard about that
ive done that before
but i was probably just
zoning out
hahahaha
Seizing
or sneazing! am i right?! #stand strong and #vape on sister!
HAHAHAHAHAHA
SEIZING OR SNEAZING
AM I RIGHT
HAHAHAHAH
your custom mod is in danger
NOOOO
chris is angry with you, and he's going to punish you by destroying the  thing that brings you together
HAHAHAHA
*SMOKE*
NOT BECK
NOOOO
HYES
O YES
i imagined you being like
peggy hill
HOO YEA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OH MY GOD
REMEMBER
WHEN SHE BASICALLY BEGGS BOBBY TO PUNCH HER IN THE VAGINA
CLAIMING
"SHE HAS NOTHING THERE"
WHAT EVEN
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
OMG HAHAHAHAHA
when he punches hank in the balls
and he is like
well
he gets testicular torsion
and "They can't find the other one"
and he does the most fascinating
BWAH
of all time
remember when he has to wear a *ARTIFICIAL* *ASS*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
jess
jesus
m.g.
christ
i'm removing my brainstem with the sharp end of a broken hotsauce bottle
HAHAHAHAHA
SRIRACHABOTOMY
ou it berns
BEANSTEM
BRAIN STALK
I don't have a cold
http://www.buzzfeed.com/anikac/24-things-only-your-best-best-friend-knows-about-y-onh9
number 18
hahahaha
ok
i am not to it yet
but i would just like to say
that that pic of jim
hahaha
is from the seventh season of the office
the first of two episodes
titled
classy christmas
in the scene before that
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT
hahahaha
dwight had placed a box on his desk, stating it was from pam
and when he opened it
a mechanized arm through a snwoball in his face
I AM INSANE
ok
back to the list
OH MY GOD THAT CHILD
i do recall that
HIS MOVEMENTS
hahahahahahaha
hes sucha  player
my movements are better
when I move you move uh huh just like that
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
-me not 50 cent
HAHAHA
li-li-li-lick it like a lollipop
that's wayne
young wayne
ok
50 cent
is take you to the can dy shop
CORRECTION
*YUNG* wayne
l l lick it like a lolli pop
OMG
IT'S BOTH
THEY BOTH SAY THAT
yes
thats what jogged me
MEMORY
https://www.facebook.com/TheJokerr/photos/a.210022835697176.63869.207949102571216/771214466244674/?type=1&theater
I LAUGHED
out loud
obnoxiously
hahahahahahaha
JASMINE *SHOW ME YOUR PHONE*
alladin is a
PLAYA
THAT FACE SHE'S MAKING
wtf is wrong with me
that's not the funny part
hahahahahahahahaha
her face
is hilarious
hahahaha
gonna go home a T R I P O U T M A N
with martin i guess haha
im going to have to message you if i see hilarious things
seriously
i should draw things too
thats great idea
three requests
draw things
photograph where you think you see things
photo graph yourself
write things down
let me look at these things tomorrow
I mean
monday
haha
I WILL DOCUMENT EVERYTHING
YES
DONE DEALK
BYE FRIEND
bye
enjoy your cigerit
im watching THE CROCODILE HUNTER
all of it
from episode one
HAHAHAHA WHAT
WHY
because it's awesome
and steve irwin is the best
learn it
liuve it
LOVE IT
*PRAISE JESUS*
EATLAUGHPRAY
I never liked him
We've had this discussion
And YOU DAMNED ME
By the grace of the redeemer
why do you not love this man
I don't know
ELUCIDATE
I'm going to break my lazy Susan over *THIS*
you better knick
youll knock your knede into her
itll smart badly
kool aid pickles are a thing
and no, not cucumbers pickled with kool aid
PICKLES SOAKED IN KOOL AID
what are you talking about
like seriously
Me what
My what
jesus
its a thing
they exist
I didn't type "me what" or "my what" or SEND THEM
WHAT THE FUCK
its a black favorite at fairs, we are readingf
hahahahahahahaa
TUMBLR
has made me afraid of demons
SO SHUT UP
HAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WIITH DEMONS
WHHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
kriss is in danger
enjoy your SHITTING show
dude im about 15 minutes from tripping balls
help me keep this psoitive
hahahaha
I will
I'm glad you're not in danger
or it would be a challenge
dude
I just went to my fb messages
and typed in "patches" to retrieve all of the results
OH MY GOD
nooooo
hahahahahahaha
*patches observes his paw pulsating along with the vibrations of the mother earth*  WHERE WILL YOU BE WHEN WILL THE ACID KICKS IN
you said that
on march 29
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THE FIRST TIME WE MENTIONED "PATCHES"
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT QUITTING SMOKING
OH MY GOD
I FOUND THE BIRTH OF PATCHES
I KNOW HOW HE CAME TO BE
Hunter Armstead
YES YE SINDEED QUITE QUITE YOUNG CHAP
CHAP CHAP
CHAP
CHAP
CHEERIO
Michael Terranova
3/27, 5:14pm
Michael Terranova
PACH
patches
practice
practice it
go practices patching your jeans
Hunter Armstead
3/27, 5:15pm
Hunter Armstead
patches is the cutest kitty in all of the land "patches, show everyone your awards" *patches reaches into fur coat, pulls out awards, shows them to people* *glimmer*
Michael Terranova
3/27, 5:16pm
Michael Terranova
"patches has a very vascular sausage"
*patches stands before their crowd, in front of a tapestry draped in regalia*
*all hail*
IT EVOLVED FROM CHAP
OMG HAHAHAHAHAHA
THATS SO AMAZING
THIS IS A GREAT DISOVERY
I love this discovery
me too
please save it
hahahaha
forever
OH MY GOD
The saga continues...
*patches arrives, scanning the war torn arena of his ejuaculate, wondering where it all went wrong*
*jeans descend from gods jeans drawer in heaven*
"THE JEANS"
*dogs enter and tear patches apart*
im losing it
so hard
you fucking said
and *anime* *sliver of light flash across face, camera quickly pans down to view only eyes in wide screen, raise fingers in a "finger gun" arrangement to the side of my eye, say "bring it"*
*japanese kawaii giggle*
*NO SENSEI PATCHES*
why did "jeans rip" yield so many results?
JEANS
JEANS
AHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
*jeans rip*
*face goes pale*
*ascends to heaven violently thrashing in opposition*
you said "patches is lead surgeon"
his family history is long and scattered
hahahahahahahahahaha
i am crying laughing
"patches what happened to your jeans"
"oh god"
*patches begins the ascent into the sky*
"not again"
he #returns #cockless
*michael sits in tub fully clothed, the water begins to absorb into the JEANS, the JEANS begin to swell*
MICHAEL IS NOW TRAPPED
FUCK YOU
FUCK YOU
*aliens scanning earth for specimen*
"found one"
*all aliens look to leader in questioning and confusion*
"all old people who know what a colonoscopy feels like"
*prepares the metals*
*PATCHES WE NEED YOU* (you)
*flies in writhing in mid air, humping angels*
"im hurt"
*CALL IN BACK UP SURGEON*
"there he go"
did i say all of this?
hahahahahahaha
no
you provoked most of it
HAHAHAHAHAHA
by suggesting things for patches to do
hahahahaha
*patches spanks himself to kill the organisms*
*he writhes in pleasure pain again*
*spike lee enters*
*patches is taken again*
"no"
his ass is gods
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
THIS IS ALL GOLD
this is from one goddamn day
we never shut up
no we dont
martin is so jealous
we so often dicuss what medical conditions we are afraid of
he is habitually
watching my screen
reading my conversations
all of the time
you would rather have cancer
WAIT WHAT
HAHA
yes
hahahahaha
thats why he says things to josh
to upset him
so my insanity is known
i had to tell martin today
to NEVER EVER
mention the LCD thing to josh
or i would stab him in his sleep
HAHAHAHHAA
OH
like how I broke down josh's LSD fixation?
LSD
DUH
well no he just laughed about josh wanting to do any drugs
martin has known josh for a long time
OHHHHH
HAHAHAHA
like close to ten years
YEAh
he knows josh won't do lsd
ew this is weird
"Fuck yourself literally for me on cam"
*patches to the masses proclaimed*
NOOOOO HAHAHAHAHA
YOU SAID THAT
THAT IS YOU
what was this
you sent me
a sketch
YOURE THE ONE WITH THE PSYCHOSEXUAL ENTENDRES
a REALLY BAD sketch
of a horse
TRIGGER
THEHORSE
TRIGGER!
and I called someone a piece of hot huma ngarbage
I'm guessing the artist?
you called that
to someone
who was tweeting me
i think
josh just shortened situation into "sitch"
hahahahahahahahahaha
wwhy is this so funny
who the fuck does he think he is? Kim possible?
to hell with him
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SITCH
THE OTHER DAY I SWEAR TO GOD
WE ALL HEARD
JAMEE CHAD AND CHRIS AND I
SOMEONE IN MCDONALDS
oh no
HAD A KIM POSSIBLE RING TONE
DO DO DEE DO
call me beep me if you want to reach me
HAHAHAHAHA
who did her pointed breasts? I would like a set of my own and I'm unfamiliar with the #local surgeons (aside from patches) as I am a VCD (vaping christian dad)
BEEP ME
WHAT IS THIS
200?!?!?!
2000
I FORGOT A 0
wow
hot
white
human
GARBAGE
im dying
hahahahahaha
*body explodes*
HAHAHA
no
*jeans
wait what do jeans do
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BODY EXPLODES
I'm such an ass
listen to this
you were complaining
and I said
patches has created a new amphetamine
It's called life is rough
It's neurotoxic
but I added patches to make it seem like an innocent joke
hahaha WHY
hahahahahahaahahaha
*jeans rip*
"god"
you've mentioned weed 76 times
oh my god hahahaha
you've mentioned "god damned whore" quite a bit too
one of my favorite of phrases
holy christ
I've hit the motherload
I typed hands
and it yielded
200 RESULTS
there is not a word I have typed that yields 0 results
Flesh yielded 20
im dying laughing
look at this"lordmacbayne:  so, here is the sitch.
day before yesterday i talked to this girl on OKC.
cute.
but
she's an acupuncturist
and i foresee a problem
because i think acupuncture is bullshit.
so i keep talking to her
and then last night
i go to taylors after dinner.
after the band plays, this woman walks up to me
and says my okcupid name
its the girl. O_O
 me:  hahahaha.  what happens next
 lordmacbayne:  she recognized me and just happened to be there
so we have a little chat.  
and then  talk more online
this morning before work, i asked her for the fb
she adds me
and we talked all day.
then
im thnking maybe she will want to go out tomorrow
and then
she gets mad at me for saying that its silly to move out of the city because of THE CRIME
so she tells me to fuck off
and deletes me
 me:  awww man =/
im so sorry
 Sent at 10:17 PM on Saturday
 me:  were you rude in talking to her at all?
a lot of women see being straightforward as rude
 lordmacbayne:  Friends for like 5 hrs
 
"
oh my god
HAHAHAHA
HE IS SO BAD AT BEING A HUMAN
HE WILL BE ALONE FOREVER
(he's 36)
REMEMBER
HE AMUSES ME ENDLESSLY
like
FREUD
i cant stop laughing
i cant stop
it hurts
i had to stay at her house for a few days once
and she kept a dead squirrel ina  box
and i told her it was nasty and to throw it away
so she snuck out at night and threw it into the kanawha river
and her mom was so pissed because she snuck out onto the river
HAHAHAHA
I WAS ABOUT TO SAY
THERES NO WAY YOU ALSO HAD THAT EXPEIRENCE
HAHAHAHAHAAHHAAH
hahahahahaha
do you remember that time in strings
that mr jesse found emma's perverted notebook
and was just like "the images i found were disgusting"
hahahahaha
she used to gnaw on her cello
and meow like a cat
jhhahahahahahaha
our teachers didnt even know what to do
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ITS TRUE
SHE IS SO CRAZY
I WANT TO ADD HER ON FB
hahahaha
an Jessee
22 hours ago via YouTube
MMMMMmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMmmmmmm......MMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!
WHY
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i'm going back
to the first time i shared his mania with you
and I'm going to send you the weirdest ones
oh god
i dont know if i can handle this
the harder i laugh the more my teeth grind
i swear
*photo of ian praying to a christmas tree*
Ian Jessee
Precious moments
Special people
Happy faces 
I can see
"in serenity garden watching david do yoga" *photo of naked man except he has underwear on but you can still see everything*
EVERYTHING
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151594449347509&set=a.436922627508.216530.562832508&type=3&theater
LOOOOL
he is a #fierce hooper
s that kind of day... Korean BBQ, Spicy baby octopus bulgogoi, or squid and egg bibimbap? *sigh*  listening to Say Something Im Giving Up On You at Mapo BBQ Korean Cuisine.
Say Something Im Giving Up On You
Song
Song
Like    Share
7 people like this.
Ian Jessee I would like to note that the above mentioned song is on the speaker system in above mentioned restaurant as well as a very loud 1000 inch television playing what sounds like a korean Phyllis Diller.
you are going to make me lose it
hahahahahahahahaha
I WOULD LIKE TO MENTION *IRRELEVANT JIBBERISH*
"Celebrating 30 days sobriety 10K above terra firma!!! Then on to the land of my people, where the tacos are tasty and I can swim in rivers of horchata. Life is good!
HAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
terra firma hunter
DID I SAY THAT
he's above firm earth
I CANOT READ ALL OF THIS
HAHAHAHAHA
I DONT CARE
BECAUSE I AM 10K ABOVE TERRA FIRMA
you are
THE EARTH IS FIRM AND I AM DRINKING ONLY THE WINE MY EYES CAN ENJOY
TERRA NOVA
so your motto should be
FUCK TERRA FIRMA
let me know when you decide to start tripping
I want to climb up the blank blue dome as a man would storm the inside of a circus tent, widely, dangling, and with a steel knife claw a rent in the top, peep, and, if I must, fall.
when i decide to start tripping
hahahahahaha
That's what I said. ( in the weirdest way I could )
im suppose to start tripping
very soon
did you fuckign say this
I'm losing it
hahahahaha
HOLD ON *spin* HOLD ON
i cant stop laughing
i wonder if hes nice now
or if hes still a cock sucker
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
YES
that i did
"human meat" has yielded a lot of results
i want to be tripping NOW
MAKE IT HAPPEN JESUS
COME ON JESUS
hahahahahahahaha
Hold on
let me speak to the elohim council
the morman jesus, joseph smith, and lucifer must agree
or you will be chemically castrated or something
I don't really understand this religion
Jesus isn't real
hahahahahahahaahaha
I can't pretend like I know him any loner
HAHAHAHA
JESUS ISNT REAL
straight outta compton, crazy motherfucker named ice cube
HAHAHAHA
You know what would suck
ice cube IS real
GREAT POINT
what if your body doesn't metabolize LSD
Imagine that
hahahahahahaha
like what if that were a thing
instead you just vomited
i know it does, i feel it...I FEEL IT MR KRABS
i do feel pretty odd
IYYYYHHHAMMMMMMMMMM
i only did half a blotter though
PAHHHHTTT BYAHHHCK
because martin said it was crazy strong
HAHAHAHAHA
you must draw a portrait of me
NO
You must begin tripping
and DRAW PATCHES
already ahead of you
What?
i drew baseline doodles at 8:55 PM
Of what
a girl, a boy, and a chameleon
I want you to attempt patches after jesus enters your kidney
(it begins)
OH GOD JESUS GET OUT MUH KIDNEYS
You're in danger
i am not
shut up
hahahahaha
I feel like now is not a good time for that
Hahahaha
Okay fine
YOU ASS
Then all your reptiles are under water
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
IM DYING
Chris is in danger
im crying from the laffs
Are you actually in front of people laughing or are you just saying it's funny
I need to know for sadistic purposes
im saying it's funny
Thought so. Didn't think you'd be laughing at something I'd already said hahaha
Do you still feel "odd"
yes
very
in a good way
nan
I can't do that twice in a row anynore apprently
I don't apreesh that sitch
do what now
what
huh
Thumbs up twice in a row
It's no longer possible
oh man
oh no
what now
Hahahaha
What
what comes after thumbs up
what now
nan
nan
Throbbing cat paw thinv?
I'm not quite sure.
if martinlied to me about this drug
im going to stomp him
Not feeling it?
i am
but im not "tripping"
haha
I was looking forward to your spiral into not remembering how to use a computer because you're mentally somewhere else
i was as well.
I was actually expecting it like....nowish
i hope that still happens.
haha
hahaha
If he lied
FINISH HIM.
youre trying to mentally coax me into a psychadelic trip
FUCK YOU
hahahahahahahahahaa
HAHAHAHA
crotch sriracha
or crotch rot sriracha
dude that's a fucking hot sauce
I have it
What?
lololol
why is it crotch?
i dont know why
but it is
josh is fucking hilarious about drugs dude
i told him how i wasnt trippiuing
and he says
lordmacbayne:  so you think its not legit?
HAHAHAHAHA
he has so obviously never done drugs
Has he ever smoked weed
no dude
hahahahahahahahaha
christ
hahaha
thats why its so funny
how does he not have this life experience
DO YOU THINK IT'S NOT LEGIT
I AM OLDER THAN HIM
remember
yeah
psychologically he's about 17
hahahahahahaha
thats so spot on
I want to find that conversation
where we analyzed him for two hours
and were like
"we've figured him out"
HAHAHA
I remember it, but I don't REMEMBER it
remember when he wrote those things
and kept saying visceral
i remember that
the moment we "figured him out"
i was so afraid when he walked up to my desk and almost dsaw us discussing him LIKE A LAB RAT
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
mother of god
That would have been bad
not for me
I don't give a shit
he would have BLOWN UP
but for you
he would have
actually
you know what
no
he would want to preserve any kind of ties he had with us
because we're his cool friends probably
hahahahaha
That's true hahaha
what that makes him, though, is more human, more predictable
he's a good friend
but
you and i are one
we are allowed to judge
we MUST judge
duh
WE ARE JUDGEMENT
*HAMMER STRIKES DOWN ON THE TABLE IN THE OFFICE OF VLADMIR PUTIN*

*OUR VOICES RING THROUGHOUT MOTHER RUSSIA*


*WE ARE VICTORIOUS*
I wanted to say that so badly
but
hahahahahahaha
I'm horrified of being watched
and tracked
and that kind of speech
is what get's people tracked
haha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
dude
this trip report is so well written and narrated
check it out
its hilarious
http://www.erowid.org/experiences/exp.php?ID=57725
FUCKING GOD
the first paragraph
haha
yes hahahaha
wow much  crabmeat
pardon
i have tears streaming down my face
HAHAHAHA
WHAT
What has happened?
im laughing so hard
shaking
uncontrollably
at what?
hahahaha
crabmeat
i am eating crab
Hahaha
i baked crab
in the shells
like ya know
you have crab?
like little crabby thingies
no i don't
crab cakes?
What do ya mean
no
they come in a shell
im laughing so hard
stuffed crab
googlenit
http://blog.mainefoodandlifestyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/6a00e5509ad0f58834011570937a22970c-pi.jpg
this?
YES
are you too stoned to help me solve a problem
haha
no i dont think
ok
im just laughing at everything
but i can still comprehend
So I post randomly on tumblr all of the time
and I said "there's like one person I can have a real conversation with"
real was italicized
lololol
bella says in an SMS text: "I hope that person is me"
tell me it's okay to lie
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Which part is funny
hhaha
IM SORRY THE SITUATION INVOLVES ME SO ITS HILARIOUS
ALSO
YES ITS OKAYT TO LIE
blah
its okay
*inside voice*
I LIKE HOW YOU EXPECT THAT I'M REFERRING TO YOU
well
i think you just tapped into our common mind and knew
hahaha
and okay!
*lies being told*

*skin white hot with pleasure and melting off*
HAHAHAHA
IT INTENSIFIES
Crab flesh
i mean
Crab meat
HAHAHAHA
YOU DIDNT LET ME FINISH MY CRAB STORY
GOD DAMN IT HUNTER
SHE SAID
"PROMISE?"
WHAT DO I DO
DO I RELINQUISH THE LAST PART OF ME THAT ISN'T A HORRIBLE PERSON
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SHE KNOWS
SHE KNOWS
BUT
lie to her
because
OF COURSE SHE KNOWS
this is not a solid thing one way or another
CHANGE YOUR OUTTER BEING
true
it doesn't matter
and i only said it to illicit a response anywa
I FUCKING DESRVE THIS
finish the meat story
the meat story
okay
hahahahaha
yes
okay
go
that one
no
You said
YES
HAHAHAHA
oh gos
"YOU DIDN'T LET ME FINISH THE CRAB MEAT STORY"
and I said
ok
finish it
okay ive got this
and now you're acting like I SAID this
let me stop laughing
please
" patches "
okay
ive got this
* ~H  N T 3 R ~*
*woo*
TALK
okay
let me breathe
let me brathe
dont say anything
im not stopping you ass hole
i wont be able to finish anything
ok
sorry
hahahahahahahaahaha
FUCK
I'm shutting up
okay so i was baking crab shells (the ones you googled with ya eyes) and when i got them out of the oven, i plopped one over and it was like BAM a crab staring me in the face
and i laughed for like 15 minutes
i look like im literally going insane
i am just gasping for air
it was human meat
that is the issue at hand
you're going to get a disease
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
DUDE
YOURE GOING TO GET A DISEASE
MY PHONE
WHTA
hahahahahahaha
KEEPS ALERTING ME ABOUT NEW GHOST ADVENTURES
I DON'T HAVE IT SET TO DO THIS
FOR SOME TIME NOW
LKE EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT
IT'S LIKE
NEW GHOST ADENTURES AT 9 PM
I JUST GOT THE NOTIFICATION AGAIN
GOOGLE EITHER TRACKS OUR CONVERSATIONS
OR SOMETHING FAR WORSE, GRAVE, OR BAD
man
thats so maddening
not really
because there IS NOT a new episode tonight
I have no problem with it
OH MY GOD
OK
hahahahahahaha
I AM OFFICIALLY "TAKING ISSUE"
thats my problem with it
HAHAHAHAHAHA
FALSE INFORMATION
HAHAHAHAHA
SUE THEM
THROW THE LAWYERS AT THEM
ALL OF THEM
THROW EACH ONE
throw each one?
I have not the strength
BUT WE ARE TWO
*lion king african singing HUMMMSSSSS*
are we?
hhahahahahahahahahahaha
dude I'm hungry for those crab things
they look splendid
honestly
they are
i actually
no lie
omg this is so weird
I MADE 4 BUT I CAN ONLY EAT 2
send one to me by sms text
if you have enough bars
crab bars?
No
You know what
Yes, sure
Crab bars.
HAHAHAHAHA
you know what is awful
people who claim a friend is their "partner in crime"
jesus fucking christ
I KNOW
LIKE
THAT IS US
THEY ARE OFFENDING US
BUT NO ONE ELSE
THEY CAN GET OUT
TTHEY ARE CRIME
i feel it mr krabs
are your funk pistons pumping to the tune of "stayin alive?"
Is it happening mister krabs?
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
Are ya dancing?
NO
NO WAY
....pistons
i think i may start tripping actually
ive been just
not able to stop laughing
and now everything feels so weird
I'm like that basically 24/7
am i high
24/7
actually I guess I kind of am anyway
that's beside the point
HAHAHAHAHA
curse you
davy jones
ii had to cu myself off
*Tentacles shuffle to reveal key*
i actuallhy almost just yelled
curse ypou
and WHAT THE FUCK
what
you had to "cu myself off"
but myself off from yelling "curse you"
;let me breathe
please god
dude come on
let me be clear
I am not even saying anything funny
you are laughing like
I KNOW
I CANT HELP THIS
like GOB's ruffie circle in arrested development
it's endless
and harmful
and may end up with you doing something you regret
So think about crab meat
youre going to cause e to have a seizure
that is when
your brain has too much
*electricity*
i cant breathe
I'm sorry
take deep breathes
im just being thrown into total fits of laughter
i have to try to just
breathe
close your eyes so you can't see anything
and stop being so damned loud
take deep breathes
IM GOING TO WAKE THE NEIGHBORS
hahahahaha
okay okay
HAHAHA
let me try
no no
HAHAHAHA
CLOSE EYES COVER EARS
FUCK YOU
NOTHING I SAID IS FUNY
I'M TRYING TO HELP
im sorry
im so sorry
is it the caps
yes
sorry
ok
I'm done using it, even authoritatively
hahaha thank you
im sorry the loud looking text
just reinforces my loudness
and you must be #quiet!
shhh
I fucking hate myself
i'm sorry
hahahaha
its okay
shhhhh
hahahahahahaha
you have actually brought down my volume
howis this happening
....with little words......
ok
haha
oh god im just another psychology case
hahahahahahaha
no
you're just intoxicated
haha
i am
not
i am
ELATED
hahahahaha
okay
calming down
hahahaha
i literally am shaking if i dont laugh
theres just so much energy
you have korsakoffs syndrome
you're sick
you have many diseases
you're in danger
youre an evil evil man
hahahahahaha
i am
bella has made me watched "charmed" because rainn wilson is in an episode
it is the worst show I've ever seen
like hands down
HANDS FUCKING DOWN
HAHAHAHA
hands down
THE WORST
ever
dude
i had something to say
but now its gone
DAMMIT
HAHAHAHA
oh god i want to remember
so much
i dont care if i "trip balls"
this is so fyun
fun
one day I want to try lsd
they say it makes you more intuitive as a scientist
and it's supposed to be fun
so there's that
im literally shaking with laughter
so yes
theres that
SHAKING
trembling?
do you have the palsy?
no
no
maybe
no
parkinsons
chris nailed it
he said
this feels like
salvia right before you enter the full trip
I KNOW THAT FEEL
like
it's anticipatory...you're like spacing in and out and you feel something coming on but you don't feel totally normal haha
yes
and i mean
this laughter
is just unreal
but with salvia it doesn't last THIS long haha
right
im just like
shaking with energy
and it feels
okay this will sound crazy
i know lsd is synthetic
but it doesnt feel that way
it feels like mushrooms
earthy, connected with nature
everyone who does a hallucinogen says that haha
i don't doubt it
i mean
ive done other research chems that i have hated
because they start coming on
and its like
NOPE THIS FEELS FORCED NOPE NOOPE NOPE NOPE
but this was happy, comforting, and laughter
wait no
this was happy; comforting and laughter
you said that
and then said no
and then replaced it with the same statement
yes
i thought i was spelling it wrongly
i cant see my text box
my thing on the bottom of my screen covers it
OH yeah right
hahahaha
so im typing this all from looking
at the keyboard
and designating
each key
to each finger
rapidly
in succession
I HAVE TO SHOW YOU WHAT JOSH JUST SENT ME
hold on
i have to crop it out of g plus into paint and then
you know
nan
what the fuck
hahaha
he is doing this to me
he is trying to play along
and be fun and spontaneous
EVEN I CAN SEE THROUGH IT
AND IM CRAZY
hahahahahahaha
i dont know how im managing full sentences
into text
I'm proud of you for talking.
*hi 5*
yeah josh is not fun or spontaneous
obviously
what he sent
was super weird
hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
OBVI
I TOLD YOU
HE SENT MORE
I HAVE TO SHOW MORE
HES EVEN CRAZIER THAN THAT
HAHAHAHA
ok
MY LEVEL OF TEMPORARY CRAZY HAS REVEALED HIS LEVEL OF ACTUAL CRAZY
oh no
PLEASE DONT DIE
DONT DIE
that's not crazy
it's just silly
hahaha
SUCH SIRVIC
okay you see i know its doge hurr hurr i guess doge is so played out to me
that it seemed crazy
for him to be
NO
HE IS CRAZY
HE IS ACTING LIKE DOGE
he's crazy
but like
he is not doge
this doesn't prove it
HAHAHAHA
this proves that he's a try hard
lol
actually
its one in the fucking morning
hes bored as hell
who am i to judge
hes trying to entertain me
he is
he made me a gif hahahahaha
I mean
NO
LET ME SEE
of a kawaii soda can in the office
i cant
its all g plus
its just like
damn
ok
3 photos of the can, together
but theres a face on it
hahahaha
HAHA
that's rather queer
it is but its funny
i am SHAKEN
from laughing
IT sounds like torture
it's like me
all day
I am in public most of the day
and during our conversations
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I am choking on laughter
and eveyone thinks I am insane
I get looks like you wouldn't believe
fucking people from ohio
fuck them
they don't know funny
wow
i am insane
well anyway SEE HOW IT FEELS
i was just
shaking laughting
reading that
hahahaha
SHAKING
SHAAAAAKIIINNNGGGGGG
*SHAKING*
hahahahahahaha
dude that read out to different wavelengths to me
i cant explain
so many sensations of happy and laughter and colors
my eyes are just
TEAR PUDDLES
hahahahahahaha
i want to tear through everyting with my teeth
hahahahahaha
you should drive somewhere.
WTF NO
(CHRIST, don't listen to me)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAH
I AM SHAKING
It will subside though beause i have control over myself
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
WTF no
haahaha
YOU SHOULD DRIVE SOMEWHERE
WTF NO
hahahahahahahahaha
why would you ever
say that to me
NOW
hahaahaha
because
1) it's funny
2) I am a bad friend and can disguise it with artificial humor
hey
remember
crabmeat
HAHAHAHA
THAT IS NOT
A THING
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
oh it was
and I will talk about it like it i
s
"oh yeah, remember crabmeat"
"Oh yeah!!!"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OH GOD
NOW ITS A THING
WHAT HAVE I DONE
just like patches
it wasn't a real thing
but we made it one
yes we did
we literally gave birth
to a
a
thing
hahahahahaha
patches eating crabmeat out of his live action twerking food dish
nooooooo
my ultimate destructorrrrr
HAHAHAHAHAHA
IT IS
dude
look at this guy from fucking work
ok
god damn it
that's a wig right
he looks like anime elvis
HAHAHAHAHAHA
the dude does so much cosplay
he is self proclaimed
"the weebest"
It's a bit excessive
OH NO
REALLY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
we see him at work
that's truly upsetting
and he is just
he's like a less delusional, more child like verison
of corey white
dude like
this sounds so taboo but
YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS
dont listen to me im on drugs
DONT BAIL ON ME
DID YOU BAIL ON ME
I'm sleepy
youre leaving right before
the fractals
oh god
hahahaha
What
this is real acid
this is real
hahaha
the bathroom floor
turned into a fractal pattern
also
everything is sort of breathing
HAHAHA
FRACTALS THOUGH
" don't lose a diamond, while chasing a glitter" -Ian jesse two hours ago
"A glitter"
address
you are not google
sorry.
ANYWAY, when you get up check your email. I sent you a PDF of how to get here
OH DAM UR AVI *YO* IM A STRAIGHT UP *PRO* AT CELL PHONE PHOTOGRAPHY *BRO*
thats a really good picture hahaha
Yeah it turned out really nice hahah
i want to sleep more haha, i feel asleep at 12 but thats not enough
That's too late. Just because I could I stayed up till 130. It was pure torture and I hated it. Partly because my body woke up at 940 anyway
I enjoy sleep
i woke up at 9 for no reason, my alarm was set for 9:30
im going to paint somecanvases for gecko photo shoots, then feed geckos, then go to bed
i dont know why you ended up with way better relationship skills than i have but maybe im just better off with no one
i cant contain my rage at chris, for just so many things
Dude I'm a sorry
I wish I could help
i know that im not wrong for beign upset that i have to drive everywhere, if he wants something i have to go get it, i work the full time job, im the one who goes to the doctor, im the one with the friends that arent total shit like his are
i care about chores and cleanliness and my health
You are coming over this week. This is making me so happy.
And yeah I onoe dude
It's not your fault
You can't control his intentions
Even if they are not so great
You can just set a good example
Fuck
That's lame advice
What did he do this time?
he says i hold people to a high standard and thats why i get mad at people
we just got into a fight because everything he does builds up on me and i flip out every once in awhile
As your friend,  I'm telling you that's true. However, he isn't even meeting basic Human needs. He doesn't need to be perfect, just try a little harder. We both hold people to way to high a standard including ourselves. Also, I think mentioning things as they happen is so much better than letting things build up
It's small anger spread out
i do say things, he ignores me
at what point do i give up
You need to try and stand up for yourself more. I know you, and when emotions are involved you can be timid,  which contrasts how you usually are. It's not tine to give up yet
i just dont understand how a person could sit around and just let filth pile up around them and not notice or care
I don't understand how my sister doesn't give a shit about her future and ignores me when I try and help her. The best I can do, Is help her make small changes. You can't change a person's true nature. Both of us are type a personalities in our own lives respectively.  I understand your feelings completely.
The only thing we can do to cope
Is complain to one another because we both get it
The way we solve it is through small steps
You can't expect too much out of anyone
It's hard not to
And I'm a hypocrite
this is why i think i would almost be just better off alone
No one is better off alone
Having a companion is worth the struggle.
I mean we all end up alone, but would it be better to go down without a fight?  No
i dont know, i just was so so happy when i got into columbus yesterday and i knew no one.  no one was there to judge me and try to tear me down, and no one was there for me to be responsible for
I know. That's a wonderful feeling. getting out of your hometown is good and eventually you should.
i just feel this rage that i cant even put into words
i mean it is literally borderline homicidal
That's also theoretically what it is and it's challenging, I know
i just dont know anyone that gets angry like i do
apparently mom told chris the story about her going crazy on you for the fucking violin
and she told it like you asked her to watch the violin
and i almost just punched through my pc monitot
What??? What are you referring to?
Me?
remember at UC
for that strngs thing
you left your violin
and mom got mad you didnt thank her for "watching it"
Hahahaha
That's so silly
Don't get mad
She's not even mad
She just wants to fuss about something
That was like 3 years ago
i know but it made me mad that she lied about what happened
and then i guess chris just believed it?
because he didnt mention it until we were arguing
I don't even care
I like chris and I feel like he respects me enough to believe me over your mother
In the heat if an argument
He may have not
who knows
but my coworkers just left
theres no pointin me even working right now
i cant put a dent in it
How can they leave?
their shifts are over
i have the shittiest shift
That sucks dude
it does
i hate this job
i cant wait until you get drug tested haha
because when you do, im going to pursue that position like crazy
I'm sorry
this job makes me suicidal
I know
I wish I had an answer for you.
well you do, its that job youre trying to help me get lol
It is.
Hahaha
Right
I just learned
That I may not do orientation stuff for a month after I'm at work because of how it's scheduled
so youll be working BEFORE orientation?
Yes just because of some timing issue
I may not have a good answer for you about the test
You may have to make some tough decisions or wait longer or idk dude
I'll know more as the week progress es
i just want to walk out and quit right now
i would be so happy if i did
I know. I wish you could
i do too.  if chris had a full time position, i technically could do that
Like do full time positions ever come up that he could apply for
yea but he has too many occurences to switch departments because he takes days off for no reason, and plus josh already offered him a FT posiotion and chris revealed to me today that he thinks if he had taken the job that josh would have just fired him
hes a fucking idiot
I can't even defend him anymore. .
i dont know what to do
why is everything going so badly for me
I can't tell if you're dramatizing chris with the way you word things or if things are really horrible
I was bitten by a god damn spider
Chris Kingery:  
They have no FT positions available over here. Once someone gets one, they dont leave unless they get fired. 3:32 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
you were actually able to get full time in retail support but you didnt want to 3:32 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
I don't trust the supes over there. I could see me getting hired over there just so I could be fired. 3:33 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
bullshit 3:33 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
That's not a safe transition. 3:33 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
total bullshit 3:33 PM 
thats pure bullshit  3:33 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
Eh I don't think it is. 3:34 PM 
I would be working under someone who doesnt like me.  3:34 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
oh yea he hates you so fucking much 3:34 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
On a personal level. 3:34 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
what are you even talking about 3:34 PM 
you know what  3:34 PM 
no  3:34 PM 
youre completely wrong  3:34 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
You told me that he doesnt want to hang out with you because of me., 3:34 PM 
And then you got mad at me for that.  3:34 PM 
So I feel like it's safe to assume he has a problem with me.  3:35 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
HE DOESNT WANT YOU TO DISLIKE HIM CHRIS THATS THE WHOLE POINT
The point is a job is a job and you aren't supposed to be bffs with your boss
But dude I'm scared
My arm is swollen
what kind of spider?
how swollen?
I DID NOT SEE IT
Likr
A blister that really itches developed
Theb filled with puss
And thebg
My arm stated hurting
okay you need to go to a doctor
like seriously
your skin is probably starting to decompose
Like
The o ly prison us spider in wv is a black widow
not true
And I'd be nauseous
And a brown recluse
But
all spiuders are venomous to some extent
That's true
Yeah
also symptoms are not the same for everyone
Im first calling my mom
you need an antibiotic or something
Going to doctor
good
tell me what they say
MATT JUST SAID
It could be an allergic reaction from his chameleons claw or something. Is that even a thing? Haha
reptiles are hypoallergenic
they can cause slight irritation with their claws but tnothing like that
Oh okay so it couldn't get pus
Hahaha
yes lol the chameleon did not inflict that onto you
I was hoping it did honestly
i know
but that would be bad for us
if reptile could cause that
I'm much calmer than I would expect in this situation
i hate spiders and spider bites
i get bitten often
they never form pus though
Then like
Wait
I truly hope it's am insect bite
Option two
Is mrsa which I've had before
they wont be able to tell you what kind of bug bit you most likely
they canb only treat the wound
Right
when did you have mrsa? lol
Last sunmer in nyc. On my god damn hand. It presented the same way but a little more gross
thats pretty terrible
so I've decided that since i'm not nauseous or sick feeling, I'm going to disinfect it and apply cold compresses and antibiotic ointment. If it starts to look worse...I'll go somewhere. I just can't afford the doctor haha
well thats an educated decision
maybe try to drain it?
take tylenol
I'm gonna try and drain it later
I'm attempting to dry it out with alcohol and and just generally disinfect it. I'll attempt to drain it later. The issue is, if it's a skin INFECTION, draining it may be bad. It it's a bite, it's not haha
haha just be careful either way
I AM.
did matt add you on here? lol
It's also truly distressing that my insurance is so awful that it won't cover a medexpress visit
AND YES
I MADE HIM A FACEBOOK
haha
he has me and you as friends
should i suggest reptile people to him?
Yes.
Something to keep him from going to my grandmothers. He get's so bored here
aw poor guy =/
we didn't even have a computer set up until today
haha
i suggested a bunch of people to him lol
did you comment on my netflix charmed viewing activity hahahahahahah
yes i did
I tried to watch an episode of charmed
I thought it was a comedy
hahahahaha
NOPE
apprently not
haha
i am so depressed
my psych wont answer or return my calls
and they wont bill my insurance correctly
Who were you seeing again?
Also what was your insurance?
i have two, blue cross and healthsmart
and emily strickland at process strategies
I'm going to look something up really quick
okay
do you think a therapist or a psychiatrist would help you more?
well i cant talk to a therapist because when i start talking about my problems i just started crying to the point of not being able to speak and then eventually hyperventilating
I ask, because I'm going to find you someone who is specialized in dialectical talk therapy who takes your insurance completely. Or a pyschiatrist who has a subspecialty
A certain kind of therapist would be able to help you
the thing is
You are really troubled, and it's beginning to trouble me to try and help haha
and you need someone who's good and affordable
=/
i dont know
i dont even have time for therapy
i have one day off a week
You do.
Yes.
and that is the day you will use.
It might not even be every week
the thing is
you the most miserable person
and you may have to make a sacrifice
talk to someone who can REALLY help
there's no one who isn't able to be helpe
d
i just dont want to become that vulnerable to another therapist who doesnt help
that's why I'm doing specific searches
I'm not going to tell you I've found someone unless they meet all of the criteria
well okay
ive done searches before
never really came up with anything
like
based on what you're dealing with
searching for people who use "interpersonal therapy" and "dialectical behavior therapy" is what should yield the best results
I'm attempting to find someone who isn't an old guy
what do those things mean?
well
interpersonal therapy is a kind of technique that therapists use to help deal with problems in relationships. It's very relationship targeted. DBT was invented by someone with borderline personality, to treat it. It's the only proven effective therapy for the disorder.
it deals with like mood fluctuations,  attitudes about self, relationship problems, but in a different way I think
well i would be up to try that out
My mom said you can definitely have charlie whenever you want. Likely the next time i come over!
YAYYYYY
can i come over after work?  chris is at home today anyways
yes!
hoo yea!
dude i was watching this youtube documentary on shadow people this morning
and i think i scarred myself
hahahaha
wht are those
like shadow people that you see during sleep paralysis and they attack you sometimes
OH CHRIST
no
i saw one as a baby
just once
well a toddler
lol
I've only seen aliens and my family in sleep paralysis
well
not my family
version of my family
that wished to hurt me physically
WHAT
GAHHHHH
navy dad surprises daughter at cheer practice
-.-
those videos
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
THEY ARE ALL PRETEND
never clicked them
but
I ASSUME
ive never thought they could be fake
but they all could be
hahaha
"jake likes *stock porn photo*"
*Friend comments*
"JAKE WHAT THE HELLLL!!!!!""
HAHAHAHA
i have one of those FB friends
I see that so often
liking photos of like
hahaha
bare asses
where you can see everything
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHa
BARE ASSES
you can se EVERYTHING
HAHAHAHHAHA
you can
its terrible
hahahahaha
I was just buying some wine. A NICE PORT, to compliment what you have JUST EATEN
That, which you have just eaten, which your taste buds have savored, which your teeth have just torn apart, THAT is HUMAN meat
hhahahahaha
i need new sunnys to come out now
I watched that at like 1 am and like chocked to death on a poptart
and I AGREE
you did not choke to death
and if you did
you should at least tell me youre dead
listen
i *LIKE* choked to death
it was an experience similar to choking to death
but
where
i didn't
oh i see
interesting
the meat you are about to eat
is
BARE ASSES ON YOUR FB TIMELINE
no
hahahahaha
i wish beyonce would fall over dead
"SO SWEET"
*SURPRISE* FIRST TIME #GRANDPA
*tears in eye*
her and her illuminati friends are terrorizing our facebook
who
BEY
ON
CE
she is quite the busy BEY
"bae" oncce
*ALABAMA* student killed protecting girlfriend
~CELEBS CAUGHT CHEATING~
THE FULLBRIDGE PROGRAM: IT'S INTENSE, IT WILL CHALLENGE YOU, AND IT WILL *CHAAAANGGGEEEEE* YOU
hahaha dude
i watched rob delaney
people think hes really not funny
hahahaha
He's genuinely hilarious.
he'vulgar
he's culgar
vulgar
HAHAHA
but I think he's funny
AND WHO THINKS THAT
i dunno apparently he bombed on jimmy kimmel and the next day told them to delete all of it from everywhere
hahahaha
that's not a thing
HAHA
THAT'S AN INTERVIEW SHOW
yes
he apparently was terrible
id like to see it
hahaha
I think that was the first time he did like an actual show. like before he's national appearnaces were limited to....people watching his stand up lolol
but dude
I'm watching it
you know he writes for vice?
thats so crazy
I KNOW
haha
tomorrow I'm doing the urine drug screen
yay!
hahahaha
I'm on the phone now
woooo
The drug screeen
is done in house
by a nurse
okay just let me know if you get a stall and whatnot, if she stands outside it, etc
also
the thing is
let me know how long you have to be there and talk to them before the actual test
it's the last
of like 15 things you do
hrmmm
you like
fill out forms
talk with someone
show ID bank acount routing numbers and proof of education
and then like
after some other things
you take the urine drug screening
well i can deal with the grossness factor for that long, and i planned to use a heat pack anyways
just let me know how they test you
If you haven't had vaccines recently they will *draw* your #blood
and test your *immunity*
wtf vaccines
hahahaha
yeah I mean you're going to be working around people who...often times don't have a plce to live
haha
okay then lol
so
ill just have to sit with pee in my *area* for like 2 hours or something
i will survive
HAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
GOD DAMN
AREA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahahahahaha
OH
OKAY
but i mean
Rob delaney
the bombing
was older
yes
hahaha
it was standup
oh jeez
hahahahaha
I don't care
is it bad??
I am #loyal
I am watching now
I am scared
MY IMAGE OF HIM
MAY BE SOILED
HAHAHA
hes so funny in text
live at the bowery ballroom he's pretty funny
I KNOW WHY HE BOMBED
I GET IT
AS I WATCH IT
what did he do
hahahaahaha
HE'S ON LIVE TV
HE CAN'T BE HIMSELF
HE HASN'T EVEN SAID DAMN OR HELL
IT'S SO CLEAN
HE'S TALKING ABOUT PIZZA AND TACOS
HAHAHA
thats so true!
He is dirty
BLAKE SHELTONS' TEN TIMES CRAZIER TOUR
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
seriously
fb can suck one
and die
it's gonna be may
i enjoy that
HAHAHAHAH
you have to say each word like youre whipping out a *smooth* dance move with each syllable
how the fuck do you think I live my god damn life
hahahahahahaha
like am at discotheque
yes
punch it
dance it
work it
gon grrl
HAHAHA
GON GRRL
hee eeeee
i love that song
all michael all the time
HAHAHAHAHA
HEE HEEEE
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH
someone just shared a song by "parkway drive"
*spins* *looks down* *snaps legs together* SMOOTH CRIMINAL
I want to give them a Chelsea's smile
HAHHAHHA
SNAPS LEGS TOGETHER
OH NO!
*JEANS RIP*
HAHAHA
i was watching the new DT0SH last night
hashahaha
d tosh
Fuck yeah *D* tosh
D
D
DDDDDDDDD
*bae*
SMOKE CRACK
*smokes crack*
"THAT HIT THE SPOT*
*FLIES AWAY*
THE SPAAAAAWWWWWHTTTT *Screamo growl*
pig screech
the noises of a car
the smell of vomit
beans coming out of my mouth
i almost texted you a photo of "Beano" yesterday
hahahahahaha
HAHHHAHAHA
beeeeeanoooooo
*low voice indicating beans*
COMIG OUT OF MY MOUTH
BEAN
BEAN
ANOTHER BEAN
123 BEAN
Thou shalt have no other gods before me.
Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth.
123 BEANS
Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain
im dying
dude
hahahhaahaha
god is a selfish, vain son of a bitch
read these
NO OTHER GODS
JUST ME
I ALMOST TYPED BEANS AS A PRESALE CODE
HELP ME
what if I have an affinity for elohim
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ITS BEANS DEBBY
so close
hahahahahahahahaha
BAAAANEEESSS
BAAAAAAIIINS
Honour thy father and thy mother
"da kiss" wants to know
Thou shalt not kill
Where does the presage code go .
Thou shalt not commit adultery
Thou shalt not steal
Ok
did fucking old testament moses
really fucking say
thou shall not steal
that seems pretty
phil of the future
typical phil
you know
I love that show
he probably just travelled back to moses
and he was like
Once that had a bison in his room
my sister keeps stealing my anti gravity boots
nope
it was a bull
I'm just obsessed with bison
make it against the laws of the universe for her to tsake them
I will fall before a graven image
beans beans beans beans beans beans beans beans 8to a musical tune*
beans8
god creates
BEANS COMING OUT OF MY MOUTH
BLEEEEEAAAAAACHHHHHH
oh wait
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAhahahhahahhhahh
h
ah
ahhahahahahahahahahah
help me
dude oh my god
_
  
 ()
  /
/  
 / /
    _
 //  Jar Jar Binks fingered me
((
|| \
|  
| |) / 
 )L
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
PATCHES NO
I DIED
PATCHES
NO
that dancing cat
is so weird
jar jar
no
hahahaha
so im paying stacey the latina 50 dollars
for 7 grams
of some okay *marijuana*
and because she couldnt get it to me last night
shes giving us
10 GRAMS
that's substantial
bill me later
bill me later dancing cat
bill me later from your hat
hahahahahaha
jesus
that should be like
a Bill Me Later add
HAHAHAHHA
ad
whatever
HAHAHAHAHA
my cat typed that
sure it did
HAHAHAHAHAHA
*HE* HE*
hISSSSSSSSSS
*spits venom*
AH MY EYES
MY EYES
theres shitty birthday cake at work today
who's birthday is gods
togods?
i like going i there in front of keisha (big black scary hr director) and buying a butterfinger in spite of her free offering of cake
these people dont understand what a captcha is
jesus god be by my side
he is descending
he is the beans in my mouth
he is ascending
with all of your reptiles
they are soaked
NO COME BACL
THEYRE ALL UNDER WATER
HOW IS THIS HAPPENING
that's why he came
JESIS PLEESE
QUIRT IRT
all of their bodies are rising to the top of the block of water in which they have been drowned and ARE RISING
OMG NO
WORSE HAS HAPPENED
THIS IS REAL NOW
CHRIS WOKE UP COVERED IN FLYING ANTS
gods dog has been jacking off in front of his kids
so he killed all of your reptiles
and has placed chris in grave danger
CHRIS IS IN DANGER
THEY CAME IN THROUGH THE WINDOW
GREAT DANGER
ANTS
FLYING
*kriss* is in danger
ANTS
ANTS
they are giving him the pincers
THEYRE GIVING HIM THE BUSINESS
WHICH IS WORSE
also
there's a botfly in his foot
theyre coming in
through thw window
they
THEY
my dog is in your house
tearing chris apart
hey come over and watch the mist with me after work
hahaha
OK
haha
your dog is in my house
hahahahahahahahaah
tearing chris to meat bits
i think my cats tail is sentient
why
HAHAHAHAHAH WHAT
goddard
GODDARD
*RUFF*
*shits bolts*
*electric slides*
butterfinger make belly happy
make mouth happy
but teeth
not so much
"Jalissa Thomas"
Calamari
french onion soup
men's asses
ASS
ASS
ASS
oh god the ants do bite
chawklate
"Dude they bite AND fly

there is no god"
some ants fly
when I open my mouth
they pour out like summer rain
english summer rain
im in the basement, your in the ants, im in the basement baby, ants ants ants
HAAHAAHAHHAAHAHH
ok
you have won
THIS ROUND, AHMED
im making myself laugh
like a weirdo
I laughed at me and u
hahahaha
wait did i already say
come over to our house after work and watch the mist
after i go to ur house
aftr werk
Yes
after twerk
gods dog must be euthanized
chris is trying to tape over the window
ants everywhere
why'
I told them
FINISH HIM
and they began to piss
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
and SPIT
nicole
shut up u hore
they're INSIDE
8in jesussss naaaaame* i pray
you can't vomit them up
they're protozoa
bodies like fishhooks
GET THE HELL OUT OF MY HOUSE IN *JESUS* NAME I PRAY
THATS HOW TO FIX THE ANTS
JESUS POWER
I MUST TELL CHRIS
TEROT CARDS
GARGILES
WITCHRAFT
hahahahaha
dude
by throwing my phone through that window
THEY CELEBRATEED THE *MOON*
i actually created a plague
for my boyfriend to endure
hahahahahahahahaha
you made him susceptible to ant
i just got the fucfking worst email
kill me
what?
We are receiving some calls in which the fans are stating that they are on Beyonces On the Run Facebook page for the going on now.  They are claiming that when they select a city/state, they are sold a different city/state than selected.  Is there anything on our end that can be done to research this or is this isolated only to Facebook and the link provided there?  Below are two orders in which the fans are stating the above:
don't tell me the rest
JUST DO YOUR JOB DAMN IT
*WE'RE ALL LAWYERS HERE*
hahahahaa
*In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups: the police, who investigate crime; and the district attorneys, who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories. *
bum bum bum bum bum, bum
*did u see a guy about 6 ft yestrdy arund 7 pem?*
"Yes was an ant"
"looked pretty red when he got here, then used his pincers on a woman"
*SHOTS FIRED*
hahahaha
dude like my chest kinda hurts
that could be stress or anxiety
or INDIGESTION
yea
YOU DO HAVE AN AFFINITY FOR BUPRING
usually that helps
but this is not good
although i can breathe fine
hm
do screamo screams at keisha
hahahaha
she would be like
whitey whats wrong witchoo
WHAy09pu-2495y-45uy]uy[2i45\y-i24\-iy524p5jy2o4ij5y245y[42oheisrisen04095y049heigtprwhgpituh
theyre carpenter ants
oh no
can I ask you a question
yes
did we create some kind of sick story where chris is annihilated by arthropods or do you have an ant problem and are just making a thing of it
because I'm lost in the magic
HAHAHAHA
its a real thing
that he woke up
covered in biting flying ants
NO
they also apparently can spray formic acid into the bite wounds
NO
THIS IS REAL
I THOUGHT
WE WERE JUST
WHAT
NO
NOOOO
I TOLD YOU
I SAID
THIS IS REAL
THIS IS REAL
HAHAHAHAAHHAHAAHAHA
NO
WE WERE GOOFING OFF
NO
THIS IS *NOT* REAL
ASTERISKS ARE THE ONYL WAY TO CONVEY EMPHASIS
WHEN ALL CAPS
thats how we started using thos
those
hahahahaha
do you ever have dreams that are so complex its like you were just in a strange version of a real word
and you remeber everything about it
for a long time
yes
either
it was really good
or really disgusting
or really horrifying
yes
i had one dream
where i watch like, in all seriousness, louis ck put a crippled kid out of his misery, he shot him
and i was like
WHAT NO THIS IS DISTURBING
and then i think i watched a bunch of other peoplke get killed
I am laughing goffily
goofily
HAHA
hahahahahaha
wanna hear my scariest dream
other than the worms
yes
hahahaha
so
I was abducted by aliens
first off
and I felt my body ascending to heavens
Like I just
floated into white
it was a white room
with no definite boundaries
just
SPACE
and i looked up
BEANS EVERYWHERE
and there was an amphibious alien man with a salpel
oh god
and all of the sudden he approaches me with his tools
and I feel sick
and I blink
and all of the sudden
I'M FUCKING HOLDING THE TOOLS
WOAH
DIDNT SEE THAT COMING
AND I LOOK AT MYSELF IN THE METAL
AND I'M AN ALIEN
AND I SEE MY MUTILATED BODY ON THE TABLE
I HAVE DISSECTED MY OWN BODY
IT'S DISGUSTING
AND I AM AN ALIEN
I woke up in cold sweats
oh god
thats terrible
mine are more like
real life things
like once
HJAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i lived in this house
it was a nice house, two stories, lots of glass windows
and it was snowing outside
there was a black cat
and a family was building a fire in the snow outside
and i murdered them all with an axe, and there was blood staining the snow
oh my
HAHA
i went back inside to hide
i spent the rest of the dream on the run, confused as to what i had done
i woke up feeling like a murderer
That's truly awful
I'm sorry
for some reason i remember another that i cant fully recall, i just remember waking up and thinking about eminem being terrifying
HAHAHA
It was a recurring dream
Have I told you the other one about me in the white room with undefined barriers? being beaten to death?
I remember another one
SO
hahahahaha
ok
well
I just remember I would open my eyes...and then I was being tossed around, and beaten by this force. I could feel no pain, I had no bodily sensations, I looked down at my hands and saw NOTHING. HOWEVER, I was FULLY AWARE, that I was being beaten to death even though I seemed to be neither alive or dead. Some "force" was just beating me to the ground. I couldn't see it, or smell it/taste it/feel it/hear it. I was just aware of what was happening to me, and I could not escape. This infinitely white room was my only solace. I just kept moving, or doing what I thought was moving, away from whatever was touching me. It was like, I knew I was being beaten to the ground and I could sense something, but I completely lacked the human experience required in order to acknowledge it properly.
this dream occurred for three nights
that is crazy
like insane
haha
I wish it were made up
because
it sounds so awesome
but I have never felt such pure fear from a dream
I wanted to cry
haha
ive had dreams where im dorwning
and drowning
and drowning
but i cant die
that's similar to mine
death is immanent
but
why not
i remember being a little kid at coonskin pool
and walking to far in, so the water was over my head
and i could get the fotting to walk back up
so i was just standing underwater
like
what now
hahahaha
wow
eventually my mom grabbed me out
Why were you being so perceptive
hahaha
like
most people would instinctually
just swim up
you were like
"let me experience this"
i couldnt swim so
HAHAHA
OH
i was like 4
I THOUGHT THIS WAS A CHOICE
no hahaha
i was stuck
i couldnt walk back up because i was too small
the water was too bouyant
or hoever its spelled
lol
however
indian people named "Vijay"
LOL
va jay
When chris posted that status
I was like
This is happening
It happened
And I just have to accept it
hahahaha
bees all over my mouth
*consequences of eating honey*
winnie the pooh emerges from the dark matter that resides in your rib cage. HE IS RISEN AND HE HASN'T EATEN In 10,000 YEARS
HAHAHA
I'm listening to beck through speakers for the first time on my own time. I FOUND SPEAKERS OF SOME SORT IN MY CLOSET, AND I HAVE PUT THEM TO USE TO PLEASE MY EARS
YES EAR PLEASURE
oh no
hahahaha
oh my god
someone just posted a link
with a photo of sarah palin...it's a very unflattering photo...and over her face it says SARAH PAIL DOESN'T SPEAK FOR CHRISTIANS
apprently all christians released a statement...collectively...to the press. that says that
HAHAHA
hahahahahahahahahahah
CHRISTIANS
thats awesome
CHRIST
not for us vaping christian dads
im so hungry, i want hearty potato soup
I know what you mean
You want it to be really substantial, and satisfying
not even like a super large amount
yes
so bad
just REALLY satisfying
hey you should bring me a burrito on lunch
SATISFACTION
lol
I am stranded at home while my mom is working a double shift
so
hahaha
I WOULD
I CAN TOMORROW
I HAVE TO DRIVE
i would go pick one up but by the time i get there and come back my lunch is over
"sad"
haha
yung sad
HAHA
yung willie
jajaja
did you know
people who speak spanish
actually say that
jajajaja
yes i do
lololol
jajajajaja
I just started saying it as a joke
it's so much funnier now that it's real
EVERYTHING IS REAL MICHAEL
EVEN THESE *HANDS*
give me a word
I'm going to search for it
through out conversations
This will be my new game.
okazy hahahaha
ummm
feast
Hunter Armstead
THEYRE SERVING GUMBO IN THE BREAK ROOM
hahahaha
Michael Terranova
3/4, 2:46pm
Michael Terranova
delicious
Hunter Armstead
3/4, 2:46pm
Hunter Armstead
it smells awesome
but i dont want to eat it
Michael Terranova
3/4, 2:47pm
Michael Terranova
*feast*
or should I say
*fiesta*
why would I say fiesta
why should I say that
hahahaha
because
it was a party
gumbo
BAM
I NEED FOOD NOW
HIT ME WITH ANOTHER
i ate one (1) Savory Lunchables
IT GETS COLD WHEN SHES NOT AROUND
(my lunchable)
hahahaha
i have lots of
wasabi peas
hands
OMG
MY FAVORITE SNACK
REALLY
THEY ARE SO GOOD
SO GOOD
yes
this is my 2nd bag
i am almost done tih them
hahaha
"you're finished"
"finish him"
I could go on
Thank you for that
youre welcome
i posted some animals for sale
do you think matt would be interested in another lizard? lol
or snakes
not for a while
haha
Sorry
its fine lol theyre more for breeding projects anyways and i know hes a hopbbyist
hobbyist
HE IS A HOBBYIST
LIKE ME AND MY SHIPS
tell me you have ships
jesus god damn christ
\hahahaha
someone just posted
"A FAMILY BOUGHT A HORSE THINKING SHE WAS NORMAL: TILL THIS HAPPENED IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT"

there is a photo of a horse with nubs crawling on the ground
I can't stop laughing
OH MY GOD
LET ME SEE
http://www.oddcrunch.com/horse-midnight-surprise/0
HAHAHAHHAHA
thats so dumb
hahahahahahaha
i didn't even click it
the photo
is just killing me
Most humane people
would fucking shoot it in the head
that's what you do
when a horse can't walk
THAT IS SICK
ahahahahahahahahahaha
it didnt stop walking
it gave birth
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAAH
NO
NO
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
IT NUBBED AROUND
JESUS H CHRIST
NO
YOU WANTED TO ESXECUTE A PRGENANT HORSE
HELP ME
YOU MONSTER
HAHAHAHA
I DID
LET IT GESTATE
AND THEN FINISH IT OFF
ewwwwww
gestate
gross
"vapes in agreement"
hahahaha
GESTATION
that is kind of a *fowl* word

CAWHH
CAWWWWW
CAWW
hunter did u no god works in mysterious way
i learn from face book
hahahahahahahaha
what if someone actually learned their religion
from FB posts
Josh did
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
loool
did you look at ALL of his photos?
because they are all hilarious
the more i am around him
the more goofy he looks
brb matt called have to mist his chameleon
hhahaha
hahaha
good
it was hanging upside down from one foot and shifting its eyes mechnically. When I sprayed it it's toes literally did splay with pleasure
hahahahahahahahahahaha
OK
http://www.wimp.com/scuttletalks/
THIS IS STUPID
do not say "splay with pleasure" ever again please
jajajajajaja
you are the one who introduced that phrase
TBH
Hunter Armstead
hahahahaha
i imagined him
laughing
so i saw up his nose
and i saw his penguin hands, splayed with pleasure
omg hahahaha
no
YES
IT WAS YOU
YOU BASTARD
AND WHAT YOU SAID WAS WORSE
i want to leave here
this is the slowest day ever
my boss is on vacation
beyonce is wrecking my life
She is so popular!
what's the presale code
RUN
JESUS CHRIST DUDE
Thomas Campbell
I perchased a ticket to eric claption on may 2nd 2014 at oak mountain amphitheather order #43-56842 agf. i lost my car in a creek and allmost my life because of all the rain in pensacola fl. can i get a refund because i can not drive to the concert.
T M I
jesus christ
i hate people
I'm so happy because of what I'm about to send you
Gina Guidera Dier
This mom is looking for the presale code to the Fresh Beat Band!
is this even real
yes it is
i swear
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Does she think
that people will give a shit why she's buying the tickets? we can deduce that she is getting them for children. "THIS MOM" I AM A MOM
these people are the people who think they are the center of the universe
obviously
none of them get
it's RUN
not "run"
and they complain
because they aren't smart enough to try typing it a different way
also
It's state as RUN
i want to go home
im seriously considering leaving
and just taking whatever consequences
don't
nope
because my fucking boss is gone
bad idea
obviously i would let someone know before i left
I mean
what about occurrences?
i dont know how many i have because my boss is gone
doesn't seem worth it
but you knew I was going to say that
yea
i did
At least you get to come over here after work and collect your reward
hahaha yes
i just cant believe its not even 4 yet
thats so insane to me
I get that
today is VERY slow
In general
yes
i hate it
and beyonce
and jay z
HAHAHA
I'm sorry
it's funny that beyonce and jay z are LITERALLY what's causing another human being anguish
yes
they are so selfish
motley crue was more understandable
all i do is just observe how selfish humans are
thats my day at work
Tha'ts very true
people get on there
and trash talk TM
and then beg for your help
in the same HOUR
yes
they do
its like im literally a slave
If you get to work at highland
this nice thing
will be that you will go home feeling like you made a difference. Not only do you not feel complete agony, but you'll likely feel like you contributedsomething positive to siciety
thats my favorite feeling
I know
feeling like what you did matters just a little bit
it's awesome
it is
you get that with reptiles
because in its own way it does matter
you know im slightly perturbed about our septmeber show
Explain
my cresteds take 80-90 days just to incubate, and another month at the very least to be ready for a new home
im going to have to sell pretty much just leos
and male geckos that i hatched last year and have grown out
So the timing is simply bad?
Maybe recalibrate things
nah not for myself
maybe
this is a show for the people
Ok ok
i see
hm
i dont even care about vending right now but people expect me to
OH
ok
So it's not a necessity but people just expect it
yes
and if i dont vend they ask why
lol
i dunno, i just hate vending without a full arsenal of awesome animals
I see what you mean haha
only half an arsenal allows joe and ron (who suck dick) to compete with me
what do you mean? like you can compete with everything they have if you just have half of what you would normally have/
i mean i just dont like vending unless i can make them look like total shit
i dont like half ass vending
hahaha
I see
so Charlie apparently really enjoys music
he's been like singing and dancing all day
thats so awesome!
does he repeat music?
he will eventually I'm certain
haha i will leave music on for him while i go to work
dude
I just had two pieces of savory pizza
and I'm still hungry
I think I may have
*the hunger*
oh no
not
*the hunger*
I need either a burrito or human flesh
nothing is satiating my palate
*eats all pets*
HAHAHAHA
dont eat the pets man
ok
WORK IS ALMOST OVER
YES
YES
INDEED
I am the worst human being.

"michael I just don't want to do fashion anymore"
and you want to say
FINALLY
MY PLAN HAS SUCCEEDED
but
I will say
"what happened?"
yea or, why is that?
let her explain to you why
because while shes doing that
shes also reitterating to herself why she made that choice
EXACTLY
YOU GET IT
yes hahahaha
we are bad people
You FORCE people to come to conclusion on their own
we're "go-getters" hahaha
yep
talking to chad
he said when they drug tested him they just let him go in their bathroom
ok
cool
I don't think this condom thing is going to work
why?
It just doesn't seem foolproof. You'll be doing it right in front of your employer basically, it's not like a facility. They'd notice if you walked funny, ect ect
but you dont walk funny
like
how exactly are you going to coneal it without having it clearly exposed
or like
in a place that makes it look like your hiding something
haha
it goes in the underwear, in a paper towel wrapped up
I ask
you dont need a ton of pee
also you put a hot hands near it
to keep it warmer than your outter body
im not even sweating it anymore
Ok
As long as you aren't worried
This is just sketchy no matter how you word it.
but if you're confident I'm fine
haha
im no longer worried, the plan is too fool proof
lol
plus ive seen it work
I KNOE
oh god
KNOW
its the only way to 100% pass a piss test with dirty pee
there are drinks and vitamins and stuff
but they only work sometimes
plus theyre really hard on your body
Ok
I was just worried
because today in talking to them
i learned that an experienced nurse oversees your applications, drug test, and everything the day you go in to get your information. and it all happens on a wing of the substance abuse unit
I have reason ot be paranoid
to*
however, if you feel good
I'm fine.
I just had to address these things hhaha
the only way that they could bust me
is if they stand there and watch me pee
thats the only way
And they shouldn't
you aren't a patient
lol
exactly
i doubt its legal for them to watch you pee during a job application
That's probably true
so really im not worried about it
i mean
considering they hired chad
im not worried
that's what I'm thinking...
I mean
christ
you're VERY personable
and I would have not hired chad
lol
but
I'll pick up an application when I go in tomorrow
thank youuu
i meant to get one last week and forgot
plus i was still worried then
im not anymore
you'll also need a GED certificate and/or proof of passing it lol
I just had to dig through piles of shit to find my high school diploma
okay i have one of those laying around somewhere haha
It's TAINTED
GARGILES
hahahaha
WATCH TGHE RHUBARB LADY
OH YEAH
DID I NOT?
NO
YOU DID NOT
oh dear elohim christ god crabmeat
PATHCES
WHAT
WHAR DONT YOU COME OOVERE HER AND MOW IT
IS THIS REAL
YES
HAHAHAHAHA
why was some one filming
these are older folks
omg
hahaha
because she was obviously trespassing and crazy
yes
hahahaha
this
sounds
like a REALLY poorly done voiceover
like someone found this video
of two women talking
while picking plants from the earth
jimmy kimmel made fun of it on his show haha
and did a REALLY BAD
whahahahah
what
omg
I BELIEVE JIMMY
go back inside have some coffee you're drun kas a skunk
hahahaha
THAT WAS INSANE
i tolded you
my allergies are in sane
I hate that I'm allergic to my OWN CAT
in
sane
hahaha
it was for emphasis
like rocket power
THAT KICKFLIP
was *IN* SANE
shoobie
HAHAHAHAHA
SHOOBIE
at 7 oclock
I will begin
singing closing time by semisonic
to remind
you
of closing time
hahahahaha
i never knew WHO that song was buy
by
SEMISONIC
when I heard the word anus i laugh
ANUS
URINE US
said in a serious manor
omg
your-uh-nus
urine us
always
what
hahaha
IN AN ENGLISH ACCENT
WITH THE R ROLLED
yuh-un-uhs
wait
I AM BAD AT PHONETICS
english people dont roll Rs
hahahaha
nope
but my device that said uranus did
also
often times, people do roll their r's when they do impressions of british people
as if thats like
"fancy"
theyre dummehs
i put an adult diapaer on my dog
HAHAHAHAHA NO YOU DIDNT
no, I didn't
hahahaha
an adult diaper
an adult diapaer
die pear
dipers
you know what disturbs me
tell me
jokes on television about ejaculating
so I can use it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
its always over the top and not funny
I feel that way about poop jokes.
Not even over the top.
Just
poop is sometimes funny
not funny
normally not
On RARE occasions
said by the right person
let me emphasize
not everyone can make that funny
it takes a funny comedian
But yes
Ejaculating is played out. It's not funny
Ejaculate.
Ejaculation.
hahahaha
now its funny
because it was the timing
Ejaculate, with the "ate" said like "uht" to make it sound like a noun
Genesis 38:9
Onan knew that the offspring would not be his; so when he went in to his brother's wife, he wasted his seed on the ground in order not to give offspring to his brother.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
that's a bible verse
I rememebred it
but
I had to look it up to find it exactly
thats fucking hilarious
"on the ground"
Onan
yea, right
hahahahaha
spilled his seed
on the ground
OH NO
SEEDS SPILLING OUT OF MY MOUTH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"bro, onan,  did you pull out"
-moses
HAHAHA
"I spilled my seed onto the ground."
-onan
*hi 5s*
gotta finish work up
so much work still lol
OK
hey dont forget to grab my *A P P* please
What hahaha
application duhhh
Oh of course lolol
today is not as bad at work
however, its still bad and i have twitters right now
so doubly bad
Hi I_AM_SHAUD!  Please make sure to check "Onsale Times" to see if that presale has begun.  Hope this helps!
Omg
shaud
http://www.buzzfeed.com/ryanhatesthis/a-whole-bunch-of-teens-got-arrested-for-pissing-all-over-the
They stand right outside the door and listen to you pee, it's temperature sensitive to assure that you peed, and then they send it to a lab if there's anything fishy. You have to tell them you're on klonopin but if they don't find It in the screening....
hmm...they would find xanax in your pee which wuldnt be good for me
i may have to rethink this
I advise you not to do this unless you can stop smoking long enough
Haha
They will find it in my pee. They had to send it away because it was positive for something
i cant stop smoking, i will need to be hospitalized if so
BUY
But
i guess i cant get the job
Yeah
I'm sorry
thisis truly saddening
There are few places that don't test anymore
Sadly
well i mean, finding a place that would let me work overnight is not going to be possible
and thats literally the only type of place i could work
because of chris
Yeah..If chris could find a full time slot that would be good at some point
never going to happen
im stuck here
How? He can't just wait for openings and apply for then?
no
hits not that simple sadly
Why
Oh
occurrences, also there is no full time slot for the hours he works, he would have to choose a different shift or move to a different department, which he had a chance to do with josh but he missed out on
Sigh
I don't know what to tell you
You work hard and he doesn't. He should have taken that position :/
: /
That emoticon is off
i dont know, i know that i work harder but sometimes i wonder if thats really his fault.
It may not be but it's not your responsibility to compensate.
The real world is not so forgiving
i mean it shouldnt be my responsibility but if hes not going to compensate then i have to, its not really something im choosing to do, this is something i have to do
You're right. And I feel like it's causing you to resent chris a little bit but then you remember you don't resent him and feel guilty?
something like that.  it just makes me think every day, how hard are you supposed to work on a relationship and on living with someone until youre working harder than you should be?
and when you are overworked, what do you even do?
That's like one of those "life's big questions"
How much is too much
When do I stop
yea i really dont know what to do
You are pretty stuck dude.
and i dont mean to say this as if ive been looking elsewhere but there are so many hard working men around here, thats one thing WV has going for it, hard working dudes
and chris is just
kind of meh
he does what he's told, sometimes
and does what he needs to, sometimes
I know
But sometimes isn't good enough. Although sometimes can distract you from the larger issue
I have a SIMILAR issue with bella but my life isn't riding on it
its just like
gahhh
dont take this in the wrong way
its not even directed at you lol
but the fact that Josh of all people is a harder worker than chris upsets me
He is a workaholic and does everything he can to make and save money
he saves all his income taxes
he doesnt splurge
he just works
That is respectable
But like realistically
He's just being a responsible hard working adult
Like most others
THAT is basically how people act now a days
Work and save
i told josh all my issues, and he said, you know the christian serenity prayer?  that.
I don't discount joshs work ethic
i just dont know what to do, and no one can tell me what to do either
its all riding on me
Yeah it is. I don't dislike chris. I think you love him but you aren't happy like you used to be. I'm not telling you what you are, but this is more of an observation. You aren't super happy
I mean if you were happy we would just be talking about idiotic shit all day
Rather than deep personal issues
yea im definitely not fighting you on that
im a pretty depressed person recently
like, i cant go a day without weed
i used to not need it really, only when i was sad
but now im just upset on a daily basis
I know
and i really want a burrito, like so bad
hahaha
im sorry i get grumpy even moreso without food
i might just pay for a 2 dollar lunchables
I am eating a greay corn dog covered in sauce in front of the mirror. #blessed #vapist
I miss burritos from black sheep
dont even say black sheep D:
i want to leave here so bad
I meant
Taco bell
thats no better, iw ould eat all of taco bell's food items
i am LA BEAST
HAHA HE IS SO HUNGRY!!!!! 111
MACHO MAN RANDY SAVAGE
hahahahahahaha
wait i think the part about this, that bothers me so much
or, one of the parts
What
is that josh has been waiting for me to leave chris and thats never going to happen, but chris is kind of forcing me to think about that
I see what you mean
like
hes giving me this advice
and its actually good
but im like, no
he is biased
He is
even though he's biased his advice matches up with the situation, which worries me
because that must mean
the situation is not great
And i don't want to give you real advice because if it went wrong you would internally blame me
The situation definitely isnt
like
ive tried talking to chris
and i dont think he understands that all of this stress
is largely caused by him not pulling his weight
its not that he does NOTHING
its that he doesnt do enough
That makes sense
I mean lay all the facts on the table
but michael you know ive done that like 3 times already
In writing and read it back...The question is are you OK with what you're reading
im not okay with this situation
but if i were forced to leave chris
i dont know what i would do
That's the problem
You need to have a backup plan
Not having some way to retreat is causing more paib
It seems
if i have a back up plan that makes me feel like ive already got one foot out the door
even thinking about what i would do bothers me
Then don't do it. Keep trying. It's about whether the benefits of making a change outweigh the pain
the fact is that i cant even try to weigh that out
but honestly
making the change would probably benefit me in lots of ways, but not so much in others
i dont want to do anything but he wont listen to me or anyone else and im perpetually working my ass off just to be dissatisfied
All of these things are true
You've tried talking
Over and over
There's one more more thing more thing you more thing you could try
hahahaha
what
You won't do it and it probably won't work..but
Like
If he doesn't respond to rationality
Be irrational
Be erratic
Treat him poorly
Ect ect
that sounds so bad =/  he will get sick and hurt himself
You think,
?
i almost feel like i will not be able to find someone that fits with my standards and work ethic
maybe i should just live alone or something
Well
You won't
BUT
You can find someone who is willing to do the emotionally equivalent of wearing underpants
Like who will work and try and has goals and wants to contribute to the relationship
i dont know if its because i love him so much or because i feel so guilty
but thinking about replacing chris makes me very sad
It's both I think
To an extent
Like you probably do feel awful even thinking like that
its almost like he's incapable of doing any better
and punishing him for that would be terrible
If you think that he's as good as he's gonna get that changes the entire idea of what we're discussing
i know he wants to go to college
and i think he is only persuing that to please me
also
when he starts actually having to be in class by 7 or 8 in the morning
i foresee him dropping out
Erg
he literally cannot wake up that early and function
Well you never know
i dont know how
The extent he will go to please you might be that extent
ive almost punched him trying to get him the fuck out of bed
hes like a kid
That's true
i havent been this conflicted in a very long time
I know. I can see that you're very very conflicted
There's no RIGHT answer here
It's all going to be intuitive
you know that my weakness is making tough decisions too
i just cant do it
i just need to tell him
i cant work at highland
we need to figure this out
because im miserable from overworking and you need another job
Tell him that
hes at the mall with is parents
i get so angry about his parents
theyre such shitty people
Wow yeah I'm sorry
he enables them to be shitty
and they enable him to be a child
i see them as just a problem
I am in a similar situation
yea you are
what in the fuck are we even supposed to do
we're so patient and forgiving
We are haha and I haven't even begun to discuss problems. I am so afraid I am going to unload and just ruin it all
girls are harder to talk to about issues, especially when the issue is that SHE is in the wrong somehow
My therapist said she's like an abuse victim who's developed Stockholm. She can't see wrong in the people that are doing her wrong.
GIRLS ARE DIFFERENT FOR GUYS ANYWAY YOU KNOW THIS.
omg
chris is like that
he just found out how his parents are bad for him, and he still does not fully understand how terrible they both are
and i do mean TERRIBLE people
DIFFICULT
Wow
Yeah
It's like
He says he get
Gets it
But he doesn't fully grasp the severity of the situation
correct
i dont know how to get him to understand
I have learned that you may never be able to because he's for lack of a better phrase he's scarred for life
Like he may be able to grasp a lot of it
if he could only grasp the severity of our real life issues that are happening right now
I know
this is the worst
why cant i just be useless like everyone else and not give a shit about goals
I  feel the same way sometimes. But I know misery and doing well is good for me because if didn't give a shit I would be so miserable
Well more miserable
yea if i stopped being ambitious i would have nothing to live for
i almost feel like quitting my job just to see if hes capable of picking up MY slack for once
I know. I do things like that to bella and it NEVER turns out well haha. It's like you want to test his character
=/
im like the best girlfriend ever
what the fuck is wrong with him
I know what you mean
How can bella be around me and turn down a full time job at the state department and *hopefully* get a job baby sitting
you'd think that you rub off on someone after a while
that must be incredibly frustrating
im kind of jkealous of your guys' distance though
because your life isnt revolving around her
It's probably what's keeping us together honestly. The excitement of it
=/
this would all be solved if i could be my own boss already
IT WOULD
My issues would be solved if I could graduate college and move bella away from home
Mines more of a time sensitive issue
"Can I make it three more years"
lets say that we get through the tough times with our S.O.s and are finally living our dreams
would we be okay with them piggy backing on our hard work until they are living our luxury?
Yes. Because as much as I hate admitting it everything is about me
And i still think bella can make SMALL changes. She's just been surrounded by bad influence and the cycle must be broken
I would still want bella to pull her weight though. Just because I would do well enough for two people doesn't mean that she should be a clich
thats what im saying
im tired of being the mom in the relationship/
I am in the same situation
I am too
Yours is more severe
Obviously
i feel like i havent had fun with chris, in probably over a year
we sit and eat and watch tv, go to work
come home, repeat
some days i work and chris sleeps
there are no days where chris works and i sleep
That's a thought provoking statement
yes
i think what i need to do
is tell chris that he needs to start being more like ben wyatt and less like andy.
that is a very good way to word what you want to say
i keep thinking it
so i guess i need to say it
because theres no denying the parallel between leslie knope and i
i feel like the amount of commitment i put into this relationship should be directly proportional to the amount that he cares about working to keep it together
YES
haha
that is spot on
To interrupt briefly
I just gave david wallace catnip
and
my mom said
hahahaha
"ahhh I'm going on a trip"
and I said WHERE DID HE GO
and my mom said "He's PARANOID"
*hank hill voice*
hahahahaha
that cat
is already permastoned
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i just want to leave
go get a burrito
and tell the world to suck it
what others jobs are there
because this sucks
the shitty part
is that TM pays you decently
i know, it's the fucking worst
there are other call centers that pay more
but im tired of call centers
im tired of making no difference and just working for pig men
I bet
im just miserable concerning my home and my professional life right now
its usually just one or the other
but recently its both
LISTEN OH MY GO
MATT
JUST LIKE DIPPED MY DOG
LIKE THEY WERE DANCING
AND HE SAID
I BAPTIZE THEE
HAHAHAHAH
HE IS JOHN THE BAPTIST
matt said that bella has badger "in her"
hahahahahaa
WHAT
LOOOOOOL
hahahaha she is badgery
I am at orientation and I want to *end it all*
hahahaha
I still have two hours. Which is people trying to "brief me" on mental illness. Earlier I was told not to engage patients sexually
WHAT
COMMON SENSE
You'd think but these people are liabilities in hoodies
jesus lol
Some of them are experienced nurses but several are..
Not that. They actually used food to make us study for bb&t to try and get us to sign up for account s. DEALS HAVE BEEN CUT
HAHAHAHA
they did that here too
IT WAS LITTLE CAESARS
THANKS CHRIST
dude no way
because chris just ordered us cheesy bread sticks
this day can be saved
hahaha
Hahaha
im so jealous of you and your new *JOB*
*H U N T E R*
I just met my mother's insane doctor friend from her unit and my mom said I liked cats but was allergic and then the woman says "YOU SHOULD COME SEE MY CATS I HAVE SEVEN LET'S POP SOME ZYRTEC AND PLAY WITH THEM"
Everyone is nuts
OH MY GOD WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Nuts
that is so insane
I am about to
For the first time
Learn about mental illness
HAHA
PREPARE TO BE AMAZED
NEW KNOWLEDGE
WOW
i have been told by ron tremper to perform surgery on my eggbound female gecko, using a needle to extract her egg contents
WHAT
check my latest staus
Can't now
Explain
i have to drain one of her eggs so she can pass them
While it's inside her?
yes
in order for her to get it out
so she doesnt die
That's surgery hahahaha
it is
Omg
ron tremper told me to do it
Are you scared shit less
people are losing their shit because im not a vet hahaha
im not scared at all
its such a minor procedure
people do this all the time
STILL HAHA
WITH YOUR HANDS
ron tremper wrote the book on leopard geckos, im sure he knows what hes doing
yes hahaha
RON TREMPER
coined the tremper albino morph
which this girl is
lol
Which I am
albeeeno
No an animorph
look at the status when you can though, i had to block two people because of it hahahaha
people are know it alls int he gecko community
they get annoying very quickly
CHRIST THEY DONT LET UP
i know dude
speak your mind because i cant right now hahaha
these are people who see me and my business, not just me
My anecdote about ibuprofen didn't make them feel like an ass. I HAVE FAILED AS A FRIEND AND AS A LOVER OF RHETORIC
HAHAHA
TELL HER YOURE GOING TO BE A BRAIN SURGEON
PLEASE GOD
LOLOL
she messaged me about you
finish her
she says that she cares more about animal health than you
because she knows you so well
lol
The best part is
I don't care
HAHAHAHAHAHA
IM DYING
I just care about what you care about
i know youre like the best friend
lolol
Also I am a wizard
I wanted to make her feel so small
she is a fucking snob
and ugly
shes a vape snob too
BELIEVE IT OR NOT
And a pseudo professional
PSEUDO
im laughing so hard
im dying
i wonder how long until he long bitchy response
she will forget once more that you dont care
I will have to remind her
But I must be weary
If a graven error is made
I will be removed from Facebook for my crimes against school girl dreams
HAHA
*I'm finished*
oh god there she goes
jesus
Did she wish you luck non sarcastically
I missed that
dude shes a cunt
im sure she was saying it so she didnt look like a straight up bitch
She was being facetious but I can't prove that because it's all typed
basically she was saying "when you decide that i was right let me know"
WHY
DOES
She think I care about what she cares about
Who does she think I am
Her youth pastor that fondled her at 17 with a turtle which drove her to veterinary school
HAHAHAHA
i want you to say something about vaping but that would mean i told you she vapes
dammit
hahahaha
Yeah it would hahaga
There's a place in kc where into juice once was
I almost died
It's called
"into juice"
CAPITOL CITY VAPORS
whaaat
With an o
hahaha
It's all about the vape
i was always bad with those words but i wouldnt use it for my business name if i didnt know how to spell it hahahaha
I believe
Hahahaha
Yes
Omg
"A VET SPECIALIZING IN REPTILIAN SURGERY"
hahahahaha
FUCKING IDIOTS
ALL OF THEM
i had to block 2 people lol
Dude find me one of those
Please
Specializing
In REPTILIAN surgery
For what draining an egg with a needle
HAHAHAHA
There are cat and dog surgeons
here ya go https://www.google.com/search?q=vet+that+specializes+in+reptilian+surgery&oq=vet+that+specializes+in+reptilian+surgery&aqs=chrome..69i57.5376j0j7&sourceid=chrome&es_sm=93&ie=UTF-8
That probably work on bunnies sometines
BUT like the risks of reptile operation would so outweigh the benefits right
Ok then hahaha
I thought it was like
Putting a horses leg in in a cast
Geckos are so small
Like I feel like it would be just pointless to like do MAJOR surgery
dude it really is a bad idea to go straight to a vet with a problem you can fix yourself
it stresses out the animal, they can catch more diseases at a vet, and the vet can totally fuck your animal up
IT'S EXPENSIVE IN MY OPINION
it is expensive
They killed two of my birds
BY THEIR OWN NEEDLE
my friend kristen is cracking up at your comments
shes the onewho is just like me, and her bf is very similar to chris lol
YES was she the one who liked them hahaha
no that was someone else! hahahahahaha
everyone at this point is just like, moriah shut your cunt mouth pls
The person who was like the post was a mistake
They're kind of right hahaha
I've been down this road before
It was controversial hahaha
i posted it to prove a point
i knew what was going to happen
i wanted to get all of these idiots into a post and then ridicule them
WELL POINTSSSSSS PROVEN
You did it as a special gift to me
That's how I'm going to view it
Idc what you say
yes subconsciously this was all for your entertainment
so you could turn people into walking jokes
I enjoyed nit
Hahahaha
ANY NORMAL PERSON
Would have felt so small, after what I said
But she still missed my point
She thinks I'm involved in the reptile community
She could have easily clicked me to investigate my relationship with you
Lol
shes realy fucking dumb
like
her eyebrows are so dumb
I KNOW
Damn son
she looks like a squash with a face drawn on
HAHAHAHA
A squash
hahahahaha
that pale fallow skin
like HALF latina man
hahahaha
latina
Can we discuss how you actually refenced an expert in your post
Like is that not enough for these punks
HAHAHA
no it isnt enough
random vets are more knowledgeable
IT'S LIKE THEY JUST SKIMMED OVER THAT
One of my school advisors is a vet, but she's awesome because she gives me chocolate like a little child when I go to speak with her. And she helps elephants or something. OTHER THAN THAT, A VET KILLED MY BIRD, SO BY ASSOCIATION IM JUST MORE CONFORTABLE PLAYING DOCTOR
And with you playing doctor
dude i am so much more comfortable playing doctor
i have so much stuff in my fridge for deworming and stuff
i have like 5 syringes for different things
lol
One for bath meth
i mean, i get freshly imported animals that are eaten up with parasites and i have to deworm them and get the macclimated to captivity
hahahaha bath meth
I love parasites
That sounds funky fresh
And yes bath meth
chris sent me alist of names
to name our garden gnome
-..-
Hahahahahaha
he has a back story for it and everything
Hahaha
hahahaha
FOR EACH NAME
An origin holds
he just sent me this...
http://www.gnomefrenzy.com/gnome-names.html
Oh no hold on
Oh bo
Ohhhhh BO
hahahahaha
ohhh don piano
nan
"flesh."
*in the voice of Larry king*
im having to explain to chris how gnomes are the least cool magical creature
Remember that video
th a liopleurodon
I don't remember really anything
But it had that creature
yes
i do recall
a far away time
in which that happened
nan
Dude I was almost upset with myself for going off on facebook
Haven't done that in so long hahaha
looool
its fun every once in awhile
ive had to reel myself bacxk a lot because it gets stressful
gecko people will take any chance they can to jump your shit
Music people are like that too
I'm so glad that my new field is full of socially retarded recluses
yea youre lucky lolol
I will over power them by not having aspergers
Nah I'm jk
HAHAHA
over power them
hahahahahaha
WITH MY HANDS
RETARD STRENGTH
What would happen if you split the atom in a deli meat. Would Salami everywhere 

*life's big questions*
HAHA
it would just make the world
INTERDIMENSIONAL PARADOX
but all meat
I can get u exotic meats
HAHA
HUMAN MEAT?
Rare fowl
Actually
CASSOWARY
I'll pick the cloth from its exoskeleton
oh god no
hahaha
Two things it has
today i learned that pugs can get infectionsin their skin folds
BLECH
No
No
i know
i was like
WHAT GOD CREATED THIS ABOMINATION
and then i remembered
IT WAS US
Pugs
They are my body which is broken for me
The infection I'd bacteria which is from my heart, I drink it rememberence of myself
ew no hahahaha
SEPTIC SHOCK
Hahahahhaa
The infection Is bacteria which is from my heart, I drink it rememberence of myself
*yum*
*M I C H A E L*
Im going eat a corn dog surrounded by cheese blocks
CORN DOG CHEESE BLOCKS
Your status improved
Staytus
SATY-TUS
The local vets are no good apprently for exotic animals
I KNOW FROM EXPERIENCE
Heart break sign
(Little real care)
But no good they do
This is such a good block corn cheese stick
little real care lolol
BLOCK CORN
HAHAHA
I just laughed a chip our of this mouth
THIS MOUTH
Hahahahaha
I am a female rappee
R
THIS MOUTH
rapist
Vapist
Vape
dude that status was so fun, i got to finally put myself out there and just let me people show their asses
even if ron and joe shit talk me, using this as an example of why im bad at keeping animals, ill just laugh
People really showed their true colors
i had people take up for me that ive never even noticed were on my friends list hahaha
Hahah
Notice how Travis and I both interjected with an analogy
I just noticed that
It's all about analogies dude
hes a "libra male" too
haha
i like making those connections
I only compared us in front of you so you could say that.
(EVIL LAUGHS)
(LIZARD LIVES)
(EVERYONE WORSHIPS YOU AS GOD OF THE EGG)
I AM EGG GOD
GOD OF EGGS
Say egg god with an accent and it sounds like a foreign man trying really hard to translate"god"
What a corn block
the "eh-god"
Hahaha yes
do you ever see something slightly weird on FB and just try to avoid it on your timeline for the duration of its STATUS?
YES HAHA
WHAT DID YOU SEE
lips
What
just like
hahahahaha
its graphic
lips covered in sugar
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
Help me
Help me
Hahahahahahahahhaha
SAY WHAT IT IS AGAIB
AND DESCRIBE IT WITH AN ADJECTIVE
moist lips coated in a fine layer of sparkly sugar
mmmmMMMmmMmMMmmm
He just posted something
Omg earlier
oh god hahaha
"Tasty treats ! !" At charleston bread LLC
has he turned into a pc illiterate grandma?  is he tagging himself at his own home yet?
JAMES CHARLES JANICE LOUIS I HAVE NOTHING TO SAY AT THIS TIME
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
I love those old people posts
me too, i need to friend request a bunch of old people
there should be a list of funny old people to be friends weith on FB
I want to solicit sex from that old woman on twitter that responded to the spam bot and was like " I am married and not honosexual, alenda! I will post this message online to teach you a lesson"
I will tell her I am a gay robot
what are you talking about hahaha
Omg
You haven't seen this photo
I sent it to you
Oh well
I'll find it again
some TEEN just sent me a friends request
Please read this photo
http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-01/enhanced/webdr06/28/15/mobile-29501-1390939544-26.jpg
HAHAHA YES
I will SHOW YOU WHAT YOUR ACTIONS HAVE DONE
, ALMETA!
Never forget http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/reasons-why-old-people-are-the-best?s=mobile
HAHAHA IM DYING
ITS BETTER THAN DYING IN YOUR SLEEP
HAHAHAHAHA
OLD PEOPLE PROBLEMS
Texas road house
What happened to Barbara on channel 8 news?
im just looking for an *authentic lemonade experience*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
NOT FROM TARGET
hahahahaha
the sexy lip smooch
WEBCA PICTURES OF MY DOG POSING WITH A LEMON
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
MIDGET BUTTS
"butts"
more than one butt
Maxine is the best name
the grandma yelling at the kid about what form of money she gifts him hahaha
shes spot on though
She is
"are we in another war question"
hahahahaha
HAHA
hahaha texas roadhouse hahahahaha
Where is my son
What is it he says
a haha
HE COMMENTED
"CRACKER BARREL"
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
thats SO old person!
ADD ME TO YOUR PAGE I LIKE YOUR PLACE PLACE SO FOOD
What
hahahaha
I typed plates
dude reptile people are so fucking weird
"Grill going...sucking on a beer like a tittie. Let's start this weekend."
.......
Hahahahahahahah
HAHAHAHAHA
What in the hell
That second part
Like
WHO SAYS THAT
i cant stop laughing
"signs of a punctured lung"
im dying
hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
WHAT HAPPENED TO BARBARA ON CHANNEL 9
the chicken casserole one is great
I know
Like he's either so stupid
Or caught on
And really got his son to do what he didn't want to
Hahaha
grandmaaa, stop posting compliments on my washboard abs!
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
That was so damn u Co fortable
What
HAHA
the one post about the colonoscopy hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
The aunt
i need more buzzfeed content
MOAR
nan
josh came over here before he left to tell me he was taking some gtirl to flatwoods, he said she came into town to "see her boy" and that he was driving her halfway home hahahaha
SUPER FRIENDZONE
Dude why would he be associating with people like that hahahahaha
i dont know dude he has so many like weird "friends"
he has a friend that he just builds a tumblr filled with porn for
he doesnt have the password to view it, only she does
like
what the hell
That
HE IS THE HUMAN SEXUAL FRUSTRATION
What
yea he sends some girl porn
to put in a tumblr
that he isnt allowed to view
WHAT
is what i said
hahahaha
This
I dont
Huh
"huh" hahaha
nan
http://www.theonion.com/articles/kay-jewelers-recalls-2-million-cursed-wedding-ring,35931/
http://www.buzzfeed.com/krystieyandoli/this-teenagers-self-portraits-perfectly-capture-100-years-of  this girl goes to your school
we are ordering pizza
and the dominos guy just started talking on my computer
and matt goes
wow, that's really over enthusiastic. It's pathetic
He also just decided to change his chameleons name to "chaos"
how did your surgery go?
so well
besides chris acting like an autistic baby
he couldnt handle her being in pain
YES i knew it
well not the seconf part
awh
hahahaha
like seriously
i was just like
*S U R G E R Y*
hes having a mental break down
im laughing so hard
i told him, "okay, do you want to do the needle part?"
hahaha
hahahahhaah
omg
ASS HOLE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hAahahahaha
i was nice to him about it but i was just trying to get her fixed
sand he was fidgeting around
like a child
I mean
Patches assisted
what's his worry
hahahahahahaha
it was a success
patches was the lead veterinarian supervizing the procedure
and patches is the chief of surgery!
yesh
so obviously it was a success
hahahahaha
once
he got one more medal
to wear for this occasion
you told me patches was the chief of surgery
hahahahah
orlike
yes so he is at all times
lead surgeon in the big operation
hahahaha
hahahhaahahahhaahahhha
hahahahaha
IN YOUR oPERATION
yes lolol
it was so simple!
i just stuck her in da belly and then sucked out yolk
it was kinda hard isolating the egg
but i didnt miss once
I assume you had to use a strong light and like stretch the skin on her belly a little??
it seems like it would be hard to find
well theyre bully skin is semi transparent
their
so i could kinda see in the light
*patches awakens*
"what have I done"
*the surgery was botched*
LOOK AT THESE HANDS
*stigmata appears*
*he digs into pie*
HAHAHAHAHAHA
pie christ
hahaaha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/katieheaney/6-people-who-claim-to-have-had-sex-with-aliens
no
christ
team spirit
hahahahaha
the jazz singer
omg
CAT PEOPLE
why is this all about cat
THEY INDLGE IN INSECTS?
people be so crazy
havin sex with creatures
n shit
This psychic woman
is OUT OF HER MIND INSANE
OUT OF THIS WORLD ORGASMS
WITH IAN THE OCTOPUS MAN
oh
no
theyre here now
she has psychosis
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THEY NEED HELP
she's not seeing aliens
she's hallucinating
like
they owuldn't BE WITH HER AT ALL TIMES
SHE IS SO INSANE
what color is the briefcase? 
well, I'm saying *A* briefcase
theres just
ALIENS
EVERYWHERE
oh no
THE GREYS
Of all aliens
dudedont freak out but
i think my house might be haunted
I'm most scared of those
MAYBE
ok
hahaha
What?!
I
I'm not freaking out
It does give me the creeps, but I just figured it was shufflign reptiles
never assumed it was haunted
lol
well a lot of it is reptiles
the noises are reptiles
but
OH ok
twice now something has very softly stroked my comforter over my shoulder, in the same place both times.  and then last night chris saw the long nozzle of our mister move a total of like 15 degrees
*45 not 15
HAHA yeah that is a very small amount haha
the long what of your what?
I'm confused about that part
the noizzle on our gecko mister
the long plastic part
OH
on the end of the tube
I SEEE
OMG
it swung
OK
well
sideways
Damn
yeah that is spooky
I want something to happen
CALL ZACH
LET HIM NO
When I tell [human] men about my reptilian experience, they find it difficult.
HAHAHAHA
OH NO IM GOING UP GAINST LIZARD DICK
funniest part is
cant say there was all that much warmth. The intense orgasm you would normally feel is toned down.
shes obviously a lesbian
EW
hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAH
Next time I come over I'm going to sit up staring until something happens
HAHAHAHAHAHA
you fucking weirdo
okay
you reevaluated
and realized YOU WOULD DO IT
yes if i didnt live there i would want to see
hahahaha
BUT I DO
I will say the lords prayer until an apparition appears to battle me
hahahaha
dude have you checked my gecko egg thread?  people are now like, praising me for making the controversial post
and im like
STROKE MY EGO SOME MORE
YES
I BREAK DOWN WALLS
I PUSH ENVELOPES
TAKE ME ON WORLD
HAHAHAHA
I'm jumping in to compliment your success in a way that makes it painfully obvious I haven't read the most recent posts
hahahaha
YES MORE PRAISE
FEED MY EGO
people are eating up my comments
*loving it*
let me look lolol
wait what
oh okay there it is lolol
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
IM DYING
several people like backtracked and liked my comments hahaha
MY NEW COMMENT
IS LIKE
IN THE SENSE
THAT I'M STILL ARGUING WITH THE VET
i know
and nthats why its fucking hilarious
your guns have been stickened to.
they have been
and i think everyone thought i woud back down
and im like, fuck all y'all
IM DOIN ME
GET OUT
YOURE FINISHED
hahahahaha
*my mind is closed*
yes because
you are a lead surgeon, patches
YOU WOULD KNOW
I am one with patches
*O N E*
come over and hang out tonight
NO WORK TOMORROW
OK
everytime i say "michael"
chris says "which michael?"
and im always like YOU KNOW WHICH MICHAEL
context clues, nigga
so
i was going to post a weird photo to your wall
I typed in
HAHAHAHA
electric gecko, to see if I could find a really strange drawing
and it yielded results
electric blue day gecko
Turquoise Dwarf Gecko
oooh SOUNDS COLORFUL
now everything is *R U I N E D*
hahahaha
there were real animsl
not cartoons of geckos with electricity running through them
http://fc00.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2012/306/2/4/electric_blue_gecko_by_anginelson-d5jrufo.jpg
This isn't electricity
my quest *continues*
thats an electric blue day gecko lolol
ANGER
"THIS isnt electricity!"
hahahahaha
WHY THE FUCKKKKKKK
KKKKKKKKKKK
is it electric
IT'S ELECTRIC! *soft family gathering dance number*
HAHA
SOFT FAMILY
ewww
i imagined like
people made of soft pretzels
with salt eyes
hahahahahaha
be careful
http://www.westwoodfire.com/content/safety/Image/electfire.jpg
HAHAHAHA IT GETS FUNNIER
IN MY MIND
HJHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THAT PHOTO
WEHY IS THAT SO FUNNY
BE CAREFUL!
OK!!!!!
HAHAHAHA
OK!!!!!
hey hey hey
in unrelated news
bute beck guy at work hit on me sort of in my status!
ok
*cute
dammit
not that it matters
but "validation"
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-UfmdhOgOoyA/T19dHqOrl_I/AAAAAAAACqc/BcMI9e-JjE0/s1600/BurningHandpicture.jpg
you can not recieve a better hi 5
THATS SO AWESOME
HAHA
HIGH FIVE OF FURY
RIGHT
FURRYYYYY
dude we saw a helicopter on the way to work
and it was covered in red white aqblue
huh?
that's weird
and i hope it was named BLADES OF GLORY
I HOEP TAHT AS WLEL
chris was like
what if its some dude with a sniper rifle
we would need to deploy fighter jets to keep people from being picked off of the highway
by the BLADES OF GLORY
HAHAHAHAHA
CODENAME: BLADES OF GLORY
REAL NAME: BLADES OF GLORY
HAHAHAHA
thats awesomed
i want fighter jets
to fight things
in the aier
HAHAHAHA
AIER
"AYE-YER"
like THE BLACKS say
i want britches covered in crude drawings of *ellen*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BRITCHES
HAHAHAHAHAHA
sorry
*breeches*
after you said that
i know hear everything like kate mckinnon talks as Ellen
"HAI. IM ALLEN"
ELLEN
NOOOOO
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHHAHAHAAHAAH
ALL OF THIS
EVEYRTHING THAT JUST HAPPENED AT ME
AT YOU
hahahahaha
is ounded like a babbling idot just now
omg
i cannot type
what
IM TOO HIGH ON LIFE
what
what
I'm 70
HANDS
HANDS
HANDS
HANDS
*drioppin "hands" bombs*
sometime
s
If I'm eating and watching it's always sunny
I have to pick which one I want to do more
HAHAHAHAHA
OH MY GOD ME TOO
hahaha
YOU CANNOT DO BOTH AT ONCE
you will die
of laffs
I picked eating this morning
YOU WILL
I PUT IT ALL ON * H O L D *
*laffing* *choking* *(dying)*
~gizzard~
hahahaha
chicky neckmeats
I used to go to crackerbareell with my family
and we would all order potatoes
and meat
and peas
and stuff
and my dad would
wel
he would just order gizzards
lik why
ARE YOU SERIOUS
yes
what a fuckiung
psychopath
hahahaha
he imagined it was human neck
or puppy neck
PUPPY COAT
both equally as psychopath
CRUELLA DEVIL
yes
im just re reading your comments
and laffing more
I championed social media disputes
you did
and you made everyone "laff"*praise goes to michael*
I am the one who rocks
*PRAISE*
Minnesota looks so cold
dude
eff minniesodas
im excited about today
it's such a good day so far
i bet i go home to new leopard babies
hey idiot
does this look farmiliar
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_8oitGMytc3E/THHYmT5EgWI/AAAAAAAAAP8/XgHoD7nFiwc/s1600/jelly+beans.jpg
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHA
NO WAY'
HOW DID YOU KNOW I WAS EATING JELLY BEANS FOR LIKE THE FIRST TIME IN A YEAR LAST NIGHT
HOW DID YOU KNOW THEY WERE KNOCK OFF JELLY BELLYS
HOW DID YOU KNOOOOOW
I didn't know that
but I kind of figured two things
1)
I never specified what kind of beans were coming out of my mouth so this would be funny
2)
something told me that choosing jelly beans would work in this situation
hahaha
"hey idiot"
hahahahaha dwight
HHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA
I DIDNT EVEN THINK OF THAT
thats so LAFFable
I am sorry
I almost sent you a photo of someone recieving lasic surery
I was going to tell you
it was something else
because the url didn't say anything related
YOURE AN ENEMY
EVIL
EVIL
EVIL
ATTACK
*PEW PEW PEW*
bing bing bing
bing bing bing
bing bang boom
bing bing bing
haha BILL O REILLY
BING BING BING
HAHAHAHAHAH
*finger guns* the chinese *bing bing bing*
i love finger guns
i do them every time i can
hahahahaha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/mikespohr/things-kids-think-theyre-hiding-from-their-parents
THIS
also
http://www.buzzfeed.com/whitneyjefferson/james-franco-needs-an-instagram-intervention
I DONT CARE ABOUT JAMEs FRANCO
neither do i but the story is funny
he is INSANE
he is dude
hes like
a sociopath or something
My son posted a picture of him smoking on Instagram. He doesnt know Ive seen it yet, but he will.
hahahaha
the one about the cream pies
oh god
THAT IS ALLLMOSSST SLY
12. My four-year-old son keeps a picture of Michelle Obama under his pillow. He thinks we dont know its there, or notice that when we go places he slips it into his pocket.
what
LIKE WHY MICHELLE OBAMA
JUST WHY
he must have a thing for semi-powerful women who got where they are htanks to their husbands
jeez
fucking feminists
HAHA
Michelle obama
like
When I look at her
I'm like
okay, she's an attractive black woman, for someone her age
and then I see a photo of her
before she had bangs
and I'm like
"orangutan"
EHHHHHH
CHRIST
her teeth
her face shape
She looks better because of her hair. It was her face shape. It was REALLY ODD
like REALLY ODDLY SHAPED
well
still is
but you don't notice
am i racist because i dont understand white people attracted to black people?
i dont think ive ever been attr5acted to a person "of color"
Slightly but not completely because you don't advertise it because you realize no one cares haha
I mean that's not a huge deal
i mean it isnt a big deal, ive just always wondered hahaha
I mean if you ask a black person, the answer is yes. If you can't acknowledge that a black person is generally good looking than maybe that's a little racist. Not wanting to be with them personally, is not racist
its not like i see a black person and think "theyre black so theyre not attractive"
but i never look at one and say "im attracted to him", either
So it's not like you're consciously judging you just never think the thought
I  look at it this way
I don't hate gay people. I can acknowledge if a man is attractive. However, I do not want to push his eruption button.
That was probably not the best way to say that.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ERUPTION BUTTON
HA
"mandark's laugh"
haha ha haaaa haha haaaa haha
HGELP ME
I AM WATCHING
HAHHAHAHAHAHA
I WAM TATHINC
the always sunny
where
where
they TRansform
the LATINA family
and dee kdees
hahahaha
keeps
TRHEATENING THEM
IN SPNAISH
AND GIVES THEM CONTACTS
EXTREME HOME MAKE OVER
LATINO ADDITION
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THE TACO BED BECAUSE THE MEXICAN GIRL WOULD WANT TO SLEEP INSIDE OF A TACO
SHE IS THE BEEF
hahahahahaha jesus
sooo racist
hahahahaha
but god
omg
I can't breathe watching
Frank is literally like "this is a bad idea"
He always says that initially and then fucking jumps in
once he sees one aspect of it that he can sort of agree on
he goes full throttle crazy
hahahaha
YES
haha
herby fully loaded
that car
was a PERVERT
ANTENNA RISES
WHAT
*a titan arises from lake michigan*
oh noooo
its gon eat me
halp
no
halp
run
halp
*he lusts for people that work in customer service, searching for them, planning to tear them apart*
thats like
everyone who has ever used ticketmaster
>:)
that kind of face
that is the kind of face I want to use
HAHAHAHAHA
>:)
HAHAHAHA
THAT FACE IS AWESOME
i like this one
>:D
are you a teen or
YOU are the TEEN around here
I am post teen
we are both post teens with adult acne
"help"
DAMN
i hate my face hahaha
dude and the worst part is, i have to wear make up over break outs
ITS THE WORST
I live with adult acne & a conniving wife, but I draw comfort from The Holy Bible.
IT FEELS SO DIRTY
hahahahaha
Mine is on and off
The minute I slip up and use something acidic Iike clearisil
it gets bad
like
The issue is
I can go a long time without having bad acne
BUT if I get one zit I'm tempted to use one of those chemical products
and then it's like chapstick and it causes my whole face to breakout
what in the hell, that's so weird
if i use the wrong products i break out more
That's what I'm saying
ive spent like 8 years finding acne products i can use
I have to use cetaphil and the lotion that comes along with it
http://www.buzzfeed.com/sirajdatoo/amazon-reviews-of-this-plastic-banana-slicer-are-just-the-be
read dis
omg
AN OLD SLINKY
standard metric slicer
?
hahahah
a
"better than the hammer i was using before"
hahahahahaahaha
SOLO SLICING
what awesome scary movie shoud we watch tonight?!
I'm not shore
well dammit pauly
lets watch bio dome
hahaha
biogod
biodog
man i wanted some of martins cherry coke
and he gave it to me
and i open it and take a gulp
and its like 80% alcohol
kill me
HAHAH
I hate that
you were thirsty
and now you're miserable
yes hahahaha
birdemic
1/10 stars
20% on rotton tomatoes
REALLY
have you googled it?
hahahaha
ys
just
look at a youtube video
or something
OMG THE CHEETO CAT
http://www.buzzfeed.com/maceyjforonda/groomers-gone-wild
dont
what are you referrencing in that comment?
hahahaha
Haha
it's a quote from "TAKEN" in which i have rpelaced money with "eggs"
I am the liam neeson of facebook
i was pretty sure about that
but i havent seen it
only seen the memes hahaha
I have particular skillset hunter.
i dont even know a funny or clever way to respond to that comment hahahaha
Don't.
I'll enjoy it more
If you don't know what to say.
hahahaha
youll look even weirder
Act SCARED.
hold on
tell me
GOOD LUCK
That's what comes after that quote
I won't look as insane.
hahahaha okay
now i look clever
[after long pause] "good luck"
hey i was...
away from my pc?
hahahaha
everyone knows thats a lie
hhaaha
everyone is like HUNTER IS ADDICTED TO FACEBOOK BECAUSE SHE WORKS ON FACEBOOK, WHICH ISNT EVEN REAL WORK
and im like, keep hatin
keep paintin
ALMOST KIND OF SORTA TIME TO LEAVE
fresh#
I will take solace in the Holy Bible.
hahahaha the "incorrect hashtag"
Until the time has come.
The IRONIC incorrect hashtag
is wonderful
we need another crazy movie to watch dammit
http://www.denofgeek.us/movies/18544/the-25-best-horror-movies-you-ve-never-seen
time to MAKE A CHOICE, MICHAEL
can you guess my top choice
"http://www.denofgeek.us/movies/18544/the-25-best-horror-movies-you-ve-never-seen"
noo fucvk
"actress Macarena Gomezs performance is flawless"
her name is macarena
anyways ummm
they all sound weird and funny in their own ways
which do you prefer?
I'm not sure
Umm
UMMM
i was just going to agree with your guess
FUCK YOU
hahahaha
im reading all of these movies
they all sound pretty good
The Signal sounds good
Splinter also looks "interesting"
Pathology looks crazy
or
I Spit on youre Grave, which is a very violent and disgusting rape revenge film that was remade recently and it's pretty crazy
jesus i cant spell
I don't care to be honest
Pick ANYTHING
I'm at tricky fish with matt
you lucky duck
gahhh
bring me food
hahaha
i have NOTHING to do here
martin and ted just left, to go somewhere, on the clock
lol
ASS HABDS
http://www.partridgegetslucky.com/
christ
http://www.omfgdogs.com/
stop joshing me
What if I had undiagnosed epilepsy
then you'd now be diagnosed
youre welcome
*GIVES THANKS*
hahahaha
bio moth
moths make me think the mothman is coming after me
he is
RED EYE TRANSITION
oooOOOOOoo
mmmmmmmMMMMMMMMmmmmmmm
mmmmmMMMMMMmmm!!!!!
#DIANNA!!!!!!!!!
have any of his friends or family members confronted him about his craziness yet?
I'm not sure
they're all musicians they probably think he's channeling creative christ
that one woman said "why did you tag me im not there"
hahahaha
he tagged like 20 random people
AHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
he did
like LOOK AT ME GIVE ME ATTENTION I NEED IT SO BAD
or he thought he was with them...
he's crazy either way
he seems like the "nice" kind of crazy online
BUT I KNOW HE'S PUTTING ON "AIRS"
hahahahaha
it is now 654
SO CLOSE
so I don't think I can stay for long. My mom misplaced the house keys and can't lock the house and wants me to make sure maria doesn't do anything insane if she comes back. Would you rather me hangout tomorrow or come over for a while this evening?
i suggested to chris that i work overnight at tudors so that we can have more money, and it was a joke because i would never work fast food again because im already exhausted from the shit i do while sitting in a chair.  anyways, he was totally okay going along with me working at fucking tudors.
Wow......
.
....
im going to see why in the hell he cant work nightd
nights
tudors in nitro is right by his parents' shithole anyways
Do that. Seriously
he cant because h"because I can't work nights when I start school  12:57 PM 
I'll have to be there at 8 5 days every week for two years. 
"
EVERY WEEK FOR TWO YEARS
EGAD
ITS JUST LIKE HIGH SCHOOL, IF HE HAD GONE 3 YEARS EVEN!
he makes me hate him so much
i dont even know what to do with myself
When is he going to school
What is he talking about
i was complaining about barrett earlier, and he's like, oh well all the supes do that, everyone gets treated that way.  completely ignoring the fact that i cant deal with everyday stressors like everyone else can.
he supposedly is applying to ben franklin for an easy 2 year computer class
to work on computers
but he hasnt gotten his scholarship and he hasnt been able to speak to anyone at the school
i doubt he'll end up going because the class starts in three months
He needs to hurry
Or get a ft job
he doesnt understand school AT ALL
i just want to smash my head into a wall
what am i even doing with my life
anytime i say something about how he is mishandling his schooling, he says something like "its this kind of discouragement that caused me the problems in the first place"
it seems like ive created a monster
Dude I'm sorry
But it seems that's what happened
He's going to scapegoat his parents for EVERYTHING
i dont even know why i care anymore
it's not like anyone else would even be able to care about my own issues though
like i keep saying, maybe i should live alone
i feel like i just want to be away from him for awhile.  i want to go do things with friends and not be nagged at for shit.
I think you should consider it but don't act impulsively
i dont know how that would work.  i would still have to take him to work every day.  and he has no where to go.
Not your problem.  But then again I'm not personally invested so I can't know how you really feel
i would feel incredibly guilty, like i had thrown a puppy into the rain or something.  i would feel selfish.  and i honestly doubt he would leave because technically he is half of our bills but i know that i make 200 more than him, if not 300, on every check
I mean you could survive. You wouldn't be super comfortable but you'd survive
I wish you cared about people as little as I did
Life would be easier for you
i standards of others are higher than they should be.  i get angry when i see people being shitty at work, and at life.  i want to do it for them.  i hate those people.
i hate myself though
i dont know what to do about any of my problems
except cry about it
did you ever find any of the special BPD therapists around here?
Workin on it
http://www.buzzfeed.com/awesomer/the-32-most-unexplainable-images-on-the-internet
please read through it for laffs
Am doing
oh my god the cheese pose girl
IMMERSION THERAPY
THERES MORE
OH NO
NOT SPONGEBOB
just wait for the pokemans....
hahahaha
SENTIENT
THATS MY WORD
IM USING THAT
NO
PARASITIC WORM
NOOOOOO *aziz ansari voice*
sentient is a great word
hahahaha
aziz
OH NO
CHARIZARD
YES
HAHAHAHAHA
and whjat the hell
the term
"LICKBATHED"
EW
YESSSS
hahaha his head is a cone
god having sex
My deepest fantasies in print
*lolz*
oh wait
that's god fucking a lion fucking a man
*REDACTED*
HAHAHAHA
yes that is unsettling
what a giant fucking computer
i love that
NO
THE NOSE FACE
NOT THERE YET SHHH
NO *again, aziz ansari as tom haverford voice* 
*Oh wait, that's him*
RACE OF CREPE FACED PEOPLE HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
also aziz IS tom
no stretch there
lolol
that's what I'm saying dawg
i no
i cant believe it's 5 already
thank you jesus
even though it's like today was onyl a couple of hours long
that means it's only a couple hours of work long
tattoo of a bleeding dad crying cats
HAHAHAHA it's just like when it rains cats and dogs
but he just cries cats
*BEANS*
i had the greatest beans joke
but i didnt think of it until AFTER we left taco bell
dammit
ill have to save it for another time
USE IT NOW
USE IT NOW
I DONT CARE ABOUT THE CHURCH
USE IT NOW
IS IT JUST ME OR DO YOU HAVE SOME BEANS COMING OUT OF YOUR MOUTH
HAHAHAHHHAHAH
I DO HAHAHAHAHA
HELP
*help*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
*whimpers for help*
"heeeeelllp"
s is sitting in front of me, smiling, SO SMUG. I'm going to finish him off, southern-teen-mom style
southern teen mom hahahaha
(I'm going to get pregnant with him and go to church on codeine)
that was not okay for me to say
"go to church on codeine" hahahaha
WHO DOES THAT
*shannon joke*
pregnant teens from the south
hahahaha
Existing as someone that is smarter than shannon makes her whole god damned life a joke.
*Insert shannon punchline*
her life has always been a joke
most people's lives are
also matt wants to know if "only strawberries and bananas are okay"
MASHED
i mean he needs more nutrients than that.  he needs vitamins and stuff.  it will do for now but it needs to be mashed into a liquid with some water, so it isnt too thick to lick up.
ok
Apparently my mom just didn't want to deal with buying it?
he said
"mom assured me that just bananas and strawberries are fine"
it's one extra thing haha
=/
i mean im sure she wants me to feed charlie the food he needs, not just whats easy
lol
I mean yeah I'm sure
I'll get blueberries next time I go to the townmarket
he needs "miner all"
OH MY GOD
you order it online
MATT WAS JUST
MAKIGN A SMOOTHIE
AND I WAS LIKE MATT
NO
NOT A SMOOTHIE
AND HE WAS LIKE
"I WAS CONFUSED OK"
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I HEARD THE BLENDER LIKE REVING UP
I WAS LIKE NO MATT
oh god
he should just get the powdered food
that is what im recommending at this juncture, for optimal safety and nutrients
"Pangea" powdered diet
I'm helping him
but I agree
He is going to overthink this
well
he is doing that
haha!
a smoothie
loooool
dude
I was like
MATT
MAAAAAAATT
MAAAAT
WHY ARE YOU BLENDING IT
and I went in there
looked in the blender
and saw a smoothie
tell him, "drink this, now"
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
HE WOUld DO IT
i bet you could convince him to eat the Pangea
it';s pretty sweet lol
I'll tell him it has a
it has a SMOKE BOLD, RICH FLAVOR
and the left over grease can be preserved
saving you a trip to the store for a can of expensive molten goose greese
goose greese sounds like
some sort of weird niche
beauty product
HAHAHA
actually
these hands excrete it
*look at THESE HANDS*
"HANDS"
the oils
god
matt just presented me with this
monstrosity
It was a soggy pink puddle
I said MATT
JUST MASH THE FRUIT FIRST
THEN DEAL WITH THE WATER
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
IM DYING
he needs a simple powder lol
it seriously looked like the smoothie again
BUT WITH HIS HANDS
hahahaha hand smoothie
thanks obama
look at this
THIS
if he fed a cricket to him today
is he fine
for today
because is just NOT able to create this meal
I know part of it is it needs the blueberries
but it's just a wet mess
yes he's fine lol but tell him to only feed him one cricket a day
if he eats too many he will regurg
he is too small to eata bunch right now
help a brother out http://www.e-cigarette-forum.com/forum/christian-vapers/142166-vaping-sin.html
*BLOCKED BY tICKETMASTER*
dicks
HAHAHAHAHAHA
It's a christian forum discussing the morality of vaping
there are TWENTIES of these
are you serious
how is that even
"CHRISTIANS*
Beats me
I typed in VAPING CHRISTIAN DAD
and was redirected to vaping christians
im sure theres some "dads" in there, hehehehehe
*they're, not there's
dammit
or is it....there're
it's there's hahahahahaha
you were right
initially
you don't say "there is dads in there"
you say "there are dads in there"
so it can't be there's
EXIT
FUCK THATS NOT FOR YOU
lolol
It's correct
I promise
there's doesn't always mean THERE IS
it's purely based on context
WHAT ARE YOU
A MEMBER OF THE WIGGLES
Where do you order that food
HOLD ON
http://www.amazon.com/Pangea-Crested-Complete-Banana-Papaya/dp/B00C9JBTI2
that is enough food to last probably 2 years
keep it refrigerated
boy texts momma "goodbye momma" moments b4 tornado hits and he passes 
touching storee
i read that and almost cried
like, way too close haha
HAHA
innie belly buttons should be removed and replaced
you mean outtie
yes
thats absolutely what i meant
I agre
VTH's
vaping
teens
H's?
Vaping ticketmaster hippies
you and chris
you have a three letter acronym
YES FINALLY
I BELONG
In my special club reserved for extreme irony
chris says that when we talk it's like one long inside joke that he does not understand
hahaha
I'm okay with that
It makes other people uncomfortable, and thwarts their sense of belonging with me
THEY SHALL NEVER BELONG
NEVER *black metal SCREEEYYYYCHHHH*
*piggysqueal*
I hate when people call each other baby in public
like just for the theatre of being in a relationship
i used to do it out of habit
i dont anymore
because i dont say it anymore
Funny story
me too
now that I verbalize that
it sounds like part of me died
hahaha
yea i just couldnt keep saying it
not it sounds weird and foreign
it became a chore and now that it's been so long it would be to fireng and like weird
did I read what you said out of my peripheral vision and type it
HAHAHHAHAHAHA
hahahahahaha
omg
thats incredibly weird
"this is bullshit I should hunt the admin of this page down and gut him open and hang his insides on hangers in display on the next edm event"
WHAT
what is that
my job
who said that
my mom just proposed this
"what if the reason the way maria is is because of the cat. What if years ago, they switched psyches. Maria has a ferrel cat inside of her. The cat has an innocent girl inside of her. Maria must do things that a cat cannot to get rid of the spirit
Granted, I provoked this with my own insane idea
but my family is SO WEIRD
Hahahahahaha your mom thinks that is a plausible
not REALLY
hopefully
Maria obviously switched psyches with a demon, not a cat. Dug
DUH
ok, vliadmir
sorry, *was at lunch*
*lunching*
*fabulous voice*
faaaabulouuuus
*says DOUBLE YOU like DUBYA*
dubya veeee
WES BY GOD VIRGINA
VIRGINA
verr gine a
*an older man shaving above a dirty sink*
*he cuts himself, and then curses the god he hates*
*on the way to the front door, he dicks his dog against the wall, and rips a handful of hair out of his sons head*
*he goes to work, and is called in to his boss's office*
*the chair spins around, and it's patches in a businessman's suit*
*he tears the man apart and takes his meat to heaven*
*later, in heaven*
"PATCHES WHERE DID ALL THIS SOFT TENDER MEAT COME FROM"
*Christ is so pleased*
"wow patches, you sure can cook!"
"jesus eats human meat"
"this the body and blood"
"old man becomes new jesus"
*patches is awarded a virgin of his choosing*
******
*he selects josh, age 24*
hahahahaha
*spacetime rips*
"spacetime" is the best time!
*patches goes back to when nick magazine was still popular*
*via buzzfeed*
*takes josh back to his heaven cocoon*
HAHAHHAHA
YOU SAID
GOD EATS HUMAN MEAT
yes
hahahaha
and he ate the body and drank the blood of the new S A V I O R  S U P E R S T A R
Jesus christ
super star
YOU'RE NUMBER ONE AND WE KNOW YOU ARE
*christurbates*
hahahahaha christurbating
*God Christurbates to Christmax*
hahahaha oh god
chris is in danger
nuh uh i can see him right now
no you can't.
I want a kit kat so badly
is that how you spell that
yes it is acchoo ally
Shannon Chaty  @shannnicole29 Protected Tweets  2m
The standup tanning bed might be the most terrifying thing in the world lol
HAHAHAHA
She is the new rob delaney
OH MAH GAWD ITS MAKIN ME SO WARMMMM IT BURNSSS wait im paying for this
I HATE HER
"Finals week
Finahs hweek
Fichas heseedk
Richas husbedk
Richs husbandk
Rich husband"
OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHAHA
WHOOOOORE
it's okay, when he's fucking some other blonde billboard fore headed bitch, she will no longer relish her "rich husband"
and then she'll be poor and sad
Her husband isn't even rich. He's in the coast guard or something
like
SHES DUMBBB
@shannnicole29 Protected Tweets  Apr 25
Does anybody know how to get the white foggy stuff off of rain boots without buying the cleaning kit?
I DO
WITH HANDS
"white foggy stuff?
the hell is she talking about willis
"ok so I got it off but now I'm pregnant with a frog"
HAHAHAHA
_
  
 ()
  /
/  
 / /
    _
 //  Fibromyalgia #hurts 
((
|| \
|  
| |) / 
 )L
what if i have fibromyalgia
the symptoms are REALLY vague
like it's one of those things
that if you know what it is
you think you have it
my chest is like, stinging
Anxiety
my mom gave me half of her .5 xanax yesterday
so that's .25
did not help me much
not surprising
Oh my gosh
your mom is on xanax.
yea dude
(I know that's not funny, it's just surprising)
she probably stresses herself to death
yea most likely
if she had given me awhole one like i asked
i would have been sucking my thumb and sleeping like a baby
I'm gonna get you information about seeing john like today
my mom talks to him on the phone every evening
okay thank you
i hope he takes united behavioral health
he does
thats supposed to do a lot for me
YAY
here's why
my mom has that and by the transitive property so do i
awesome, it's always helped me a lot.
i mean all of my insurance is my parents'
lol
the transitive property?
I know right
it helps me figure out things that are related by association
hahaha
so im reading about fibromyalgia
oh god
no
by what theyre suggesting, i have it hahaha
dont'
is it even real?
hahaha
THATS WHAT I WAS SAYING
and yeah it's real
how does one even separate that from, say, BPD, or just anxiety?
Anxiety is psychosomatic
it can present itself physically with what ever makes you the most uncomfortable
can i doctor actually tell what pain is real and what isnt?
Yes
because with antianxiety medication, physical sensations usually go away
and if pain persists
it's real
I get nerve coldness and tingling
thats like my least favorite sensation
D:
When I take xanax it goes away
dude the first PA at P.S. tried to get me to say i had fibromyalgia
Oh my god
NO
HAHAHA
He has not the authority or the training to make such a statement
he also insulted you
HIS OPINION SUCKS
i hate everyone there
tif they send me another bill im going to call them and speak to them like dogs
Another doctor is leaving highland according to my mom (they are affiliated with PS)
same company
that will be the second in a month
just for no reason or for malpractice?>
they hate it there. They are finding other jobs.
haha
oh jeez
well good thing youre only working there until school starts back
maybe it's better that i wasnt able to apply
Yeah I dunno
I'm just excited to work at CAMC in june
what do you get to do there again?
I get to be a research lackey
which is fine
DUDE I'M SO ALLERGIC TO MY CAT
HELP
i forget, do they pay you for that?
1500 for six weeks
damn no bad lol
*not
thats about 500 every 2 weeks
that is 500 every 2 weeks
lol
I hate that living and doing things that you enjoy ultimately just amounts to money
yea it sucks a lot
i cant believe i can have 1000 dollars one day and then 300 after bills are paid
That is insane
then the NEXT paycheck, in the same month, i have more bills
not as many but like 200-300 worth
well not with my car, thats an extra 200
*now
Do you get paid weekly or biweekly?
biweekly
I thought so. That's how highland pays too. More places than I thought do that. I wonder why
i dont know.  ive worked one place that did weekly, and that was kroger
I sometimes forget you worked there
haha
yea for like maybe 2 months
i hated it
didn't you work with meats? or am I looking for an excuse to say meats
i fried some chicken here and there
u no
meats
BEABS
hahahaha
hey idiot
you can't spell
SHUT UP
beabs
gotta bo now bai
martin sent me this.  josh reblogged some thing that neil degrasse tyson said that martin originally posted.  *set scene*
#facepalm 9:37 PM Josh Beane: i love that guy. 9:38 PM Martin McQuade: cool guy 9:38 PM smart guy 9:38 PM dumb comment 9:38 PM Josh Beane: no its not 9:38 PM that's the truth. 9:38 PM Martin McQuade: fact and theory shouldn't be in the same sentence, otherwise it would be a fact and law 9:38 PM Josh Beane: you dont know what you're talking about. 9:38 PM Martin McQuade: 9:38 PM a theory is not a fact, scientific or otherwise, it is an idea, that works seemingly weel 9:39 PM *well 9:39 PM Josh Beane: bullshit. 9:39 PM Martin McQuade: until mathetmatically proven and replicated every time without a mistake it is not a Law 9:39 PM nor a fact 9:39 PM Josh Beane: theory is the closest thing to scientific fact that you can get for most things. 9:39 PM you don't know what you're talking about. 9:39 PM Martin McQuade: lol, how so? 9:40 PM Josh Beane: just that 9:40 PM saying something is "just a theory" 9:40 PM shows you don't know what a theory actually is. 9:40 PM Martin McQuade: i guess 6 semesters of physics, 2 of chemistry, and 6 years of advanced math and working with theories, and laws of all sorts wouldn't qualify me to know the difference between a fact, an accepted fact, and an absolute truth 9:40 PM Josh Beane: listen 9:41 PM Martin McQuade: 9:41 PM Josh Beane: i don't care what class you slept through 9:41 PM Martin McQuade: hahahahaha i dont care what you saw on ted talks either 9:41 PM Josh Beane: leave me alone at work 9:41 PM Martin McQuade: 9:41 PM Josh Beane: im working 9:41 PM Martin McQuade: ok 9:41 PM Josh Beane: and i dont have time for your ignorance. 9:41 PM Martin McQuade: likewise! 9:41 PM Josh Beane: you messaged me 9:42 PM you obviously have too much time. 9:42 PM Martin McQuade: i do 9:42 PM you messaged me back lol 9:42 PM
Martin had 6 semesters of advanced mathematics? or was that a power move for the conversation, because josh lost hard
I must see this post.
no martin is VERY smart
lololol
way smarter than jposh
evolution is not a scientific fact. A fact is a rigorously tested theory. A theory is a rigorously tested hypothesis. Evolution is just the BEST explanation for the origin of human life and the one with the most evidence.
Josh is a child who doesn't understand BASIC biology. Scratch that, the scientific method
Neil degrasse tyson is very passionate about science obviously, or he would not have talked about evolution in such a spiritual way.
There is no argument, it's just josh wanted to look smart.]
I feel bad for him dude
i know dude i was laughing so fucking hard
hahahaha
Like what even
he needs approval so badly
He had NO ARGUMENT, in that argument
he is so stubborn he couldn't have just surrendered
accepted that someone is smarter than he is.
like god
haha
that was literally hilarious
thank you for that wonderful gift.
ALSO
CALL DAMOUS PSYCHOLOGICAL SERVICES
TELL THEM
DR. HUTTON TOLD YOU TO CALL AND MAKE AND APPOINTMENT
john will see you
YAYAYAY :D
:)
now i can stop seeing that BITCH p.a.
i dont understand PAs
i think they should not exist
They are really useful in hospitals
they should be literal doctor's assistants.  no patient diagnoses.
They spend as much time training as docs but have less responsibilities
THEY ARE
IN HOSPITALS
haha
like they ASSIST with surgery
procedures
in front of others
one on one session should NOT be a thing
yes that's what im saying
like
if they are LITERALLY working side by side with doctors, then they have the experience to know what theyre talking about
yeah
but these PAs have their own huge ass offices!
like even though docs sign off on the PAs notes and scripts over there
they shouldn't be ONE ON ONE WITH YOU
they aren't trained as extensively
i mean, she never even introduced herself
i dont know anything about her
Yeah
John is very good
I mean....look at matt haha
that's what chris said, i told him you were going to see if john could treat and he was like, if what you say about how bad off matt was before john then he sounds like an awesome doctor
HAHA yeah
but I'm glad this is working out.
me too :DDD
mmmmmMMMMMmMMMMMmmm!!!!!!!!!!!11111
HAHAHA
im watching
THE CROCODILE HUNTER
*learning things i didnt know about chameleons*
Steve aawinnn
*crikey*
hahahahaha
"aaawin"
"HAVA LOOKIT THAT
that's how it's said by those PEOPLE
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
YES
HE SAYS THAT
he says all kinds of precious things. he's like an adult child hahaha
I do agree with that
its like seeing my brother ben as a nature enthusiast
hes like a small child at a *candy* stoer
I'm done pretending I hate him to make out relationship more interesting.
I loved steve irwin as a child.
LOVED.
HAHAHAHA I HATE YOU SO MUCH
I HATE ONE
YOU
I just hated how people reacted to his death. He wasn't like fucking jesus
but yeah
I really like him.
IM SORRY
chris and i BOTH cried
HE WAS
ESSENTIAL
TO MY LIFE
I was a little shit when I was a child. I felt better than everyone else who was crying.
WHAT AN ASS
PSH
hava lookit that
HAHAHAHA
"this asshole"
Hava look
HE FOUND A LEAF TAIL GECKO
awesome
right?
RIGHT
uroplatu
uroplatus
not sikorae
or henkeli
not sure
i know SOME animals
very well
haha
RIGHT
OKAY.
I know nothing about animals. I am SO WEAK in that area
hahaha
we will teach you
I SEE A UROPLATUS HENKELI
and he actually said it
*win for the home team*
I know that cats are not dogs
and matt's chameleon
is a GRACEFUL CHAMELEON
*rhodesian ridge back*
then why is his name chaos?
THE EVIDENCE POINTS OTHERWISE MICHAEL
or should i call you
LIAR
I am a liar.
I'm sorry.
JOHAN SEBASTIAN PATBACK
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
PAHHHT
BAHHHHCCCKKK
h's
H'S TRANSORM VOWELS
trans
form
the trans form
YAH yah yah yah *black metal yelp that resonates*
steve was just holding a snake that he was fawning over
and he goes
"I JUST HOPE HE HASNT EATEN ALL THE CHAMELEONS!"
and he made this face
it was hilarious
hahaha!
omg
so chaos looks a little malnourished, probably from being shipped into the pet store.  im going to look up care to tell you, to convey in layman's terms to matt.  i just dont want any more of his animals croaking.  he likes them a lot.
He does look malnourished. Matt kept saying he looks "skinny"
hm...if it is wild caught, which it could be, it needs a parasite treatment
But yeah I'd appreciate that
really
which is what?
i have panacur, the best thing to use
so you give him i teeeeny bit of that
on some food or something
but i may have happened on some good news
it graceful chameleon apparently prefers drier areas
so let me see if he needs misted
im not super familiar with chams
ok ok
yeah you told me that you werent'
i tried to read online a bit
but ya see
being
not informed
I don't know what sites are relaiable
right.  well im gonna say that chaos is probably wild caught, and needs a parasite treatment, because most come over straight form africa
*from
hm ok
I'm trying to think about what you would put the treatment on
matt was told that he would need a cricket diet basically
his temps are spot on right now, so that's good
it would need to be a cricket though
matt needs to feed those crickets
I thought so, which might be tricky
ok
if he doesnt he's feeding empty calories
Feed them what?
I can remind him
you know that may be part of it.
just, a piece of fruit, a vegetable, stuff with vitamins that they cant eat and then the animals will eat
If he's feeding crickets with no nutritional value
but
ok
I'll telll him tomorrow
okay it needs 50-70% humidity so it would be best if matt still misted him throughout the day.  not excessively but whenever he gets a chance.
ok. so not like soaking but still kind of moist.
yes indeed
the goal is to get the humidity in the air
it's called air humidity
so if there is more water in the tank
there is more water to evaporate
and enter the air
not wet creature
right
cooorrect
moisture
moist
*moist*
yes
okay is the cham getting vitamins or any kind of dusting?
on the crickets
yes, matt dusts the crickets with something but I'm not super farmilair with what
okay write this down somewhere, order "Miner All" for outdoor reptiles.  it's good nutrients and calcium for animals that have access to UVB light.
ok I'll do that
I think he's using
*crack* cocaine
HAHA
*supplements for FAST LIZARDS*
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
FAST
*supplements for beans leachianus*
.com
hand bean
HAND BEAN
HAHAHAHA
"The cage should be misted at least twice a day, drying out completely between misting sessions. This raises relative humidity as well as stimulates your chameleon to want to drink. Water can be provided by means of a dripper (not a waterfall or water bowl). The dripper should be placed on top of the cage so that the water droplets drip down and accumulate on plant leaves. Other watering options include manual and automated misting sytems. Chameleons do not recognize standing water as a drinking source."
awesome
so with that information
you should have a *graceful* chameleon
*wink*
GRACEEEEEEEYAHHHHHHHHHHYYYYEEEEE
YECHHHHHHHHH
YAWEH
PRAISE YAWEH
PRAISALAWD
PRAIIIISADALAWD
I REMEMBERED THE OLD HEBREW GOD NAME
YAWEH
PRAISE LAND
DOLLY PARTON
"YAWEH" sounds like the intro to a lil wayne song
hahahhahhaahhahaahhahah
yawehhhhhehhhhh babbbbyyyyy, uuhhhh, yung money gold chains,    O-K
HAHAHAHAHAHA
That was executed so well
O-K
high five team: GO
I'M
SAILING
sailing, huh?
AWAY
SET AN OPEN COURSE
FOR THE VIRGIN SEA
CUZ IVE
GOT
2
B FREE
FREE 2 FACE DA LIFE
THATS AHEAD OF ME
FREE 2 LIVE THIS LIIIIFE
FREE 2 TAKE THIS KNIFE
AND PUT IT IN
INSIDE EVERYONE
FOREVER
HAHAHAHAHAHA
inside
#CHRISTTHALORD2012
i need advice
123go
should I be mad that my pregnant half cousin didn't monitor the contents of my dogs feces while i was on my mens church retreat in salt lake city
he swallowed a pen
YOU VAPING CHRISTIAN
GET OUT
JUST GET OUT
VCD#
VTH
YOU VTH
IN JESUS' NAME I CAST YOU DOWN*DOWN*
I am a CCJ
oh gods
tell me
hahahaha
cloving christian jimmy
what in the hell you didnt even have anything in mind before hand did you?
hahahahahahahaah
#YAWEH
yung money, bitches all over the wooorld
i said i said
slime
slime crest wine vest
drippin slime on them blunts, you know im getting money, purple slime on them blunts, its sparkle-in like honey
thats my wrap
hahahahahahaha
I love skoal
HAHAHA
no
#lipdrip
Help drip
Yes to droop#
#droopindaily
i want that to be a new word for being #high, referring to the #sweetdroop of the lids
#thatdroopdoe
nice drooping
you're clearly stoning
youre the stone here
KEEp
rollin rollin rollin rollin rollin
*limp bizket rap shout*
"hoooooooowl"
help me
oh go
d
help me
I just went to go pee
and
and
the door was halfway opened
so I wasl ike
NO ONE IS IN THERE
I begin to go inside
and my sister is in there
OH NO
completely naked
AMATEUR MISTAKE
on the toilette
I LOOKED IN HER ROOM
IT LOOKED LIKE SHE WAS UNDER THE COVERS
TRUST ME
I FORSAW THIS
im laughing so hard
you poor tortured soul
scrub your eyes
scrub them
she shouted "im pooping"
who goes into the restroom
strip completely naked
like
whay
WHY WOULD SHE LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN
SHE IS LIKE
hahahahaha
THE JAGGERS BOY
why would she still my sa
omg
SHE'S TRYING TO CONTROL YOU
hahahaha
she stole my sandles
HAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
and three of my t shirts
and a towel that IS MINE
and just layed it across her floor
as like a
steal her clothes
and then
mat? or some  sort?
throw them away
use her shirts
as a mat
i cannot tell you how many times, even at like age 15, lee would walk around the house after a shower in a towel that he DWARFED
it was disturbing
HE DWARFED
HSHAHA
as a younger child he would just be naked all of the time
i mean, he pooped on concrete
HAHAHAHAHA
lee emerged from the house
clad in nothing but a compact disc, which draped his genitals
that's how you told me that story.
are you joking?
Yes.
please tell me youre joking
hahahahahahahaha
: &
*sand*
flesh indentation
sand in my mouth
xenu be red
sand filled beans
sandy beans
hand beans
in my mouth
ohhhh nooo the texture
little foot
I am going to hunt and kill david wallace
just kidding
I'm just going to eat him
hahahahaha
he would just lay there
looking soulfully into your eyes
and take it like the bitch he is
or thst
that
as you ate his guts
EAT THEM GUTS
i would get high
his blood is toxic
I would skype him
skype his death to the masses
listen to them go "AWWWWWH"
*conch horn*
HE IS UPON US
RISE
RISE
RISE
do you remember
crunkmas
from snl
it was like a christmas special parody of ICP
HAHAHAHAHA YES
with like
LIL BLASTER
THEY DID MANY OF THOSE
WITH *ASS DAN*
I KNOW
THE EASTER
OMG
AND BUTT DAVE
WHO DIED INSTANTLY AFTER ASS DAN
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i loved that skit
so much
bobby moynihan is so great
he was so mediocre
then he got so good
I LOVE HIM
HE IS DEE BEST
HIM AS GUY FIERI
OMG
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahahaha YES
MY BODY
DRUNK UNCLE IS THE SHIT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
the body of christ, the redeemer
YES
do you remember
"OLD PROSPECTOR"
hahahaha NO MAYBE I DONT RECALL
toy stery?
OMG
OLD PROSPECTOR WAS LIKE
A SKETCH THEY KILLED
IT WAS A REHEARSAL SKETCH
AND IT WAS TOO WEIRD TO AIR
HAHA
MY FAVORITE  snl sketches
are those ones
the ones that are just too progressively funny to air
how do i see this?
google search "snl old prospector" ma be the first result
okay lolol
COYOTES
HAHAHAHA
i need to watch all of the seasons with will ferrell
god
SO GOOD
what seasons? any idea?
94?
season 20?
NONONO
LATER THAN THAT
hahahaha
um
wait
yes
20 to 30
BASICALLY
YES THANK YOU
http://www.buzzfeed.com/jessicamisener/40-reasons-local-news-is-the-best-news
nan
nan
Omg
hahahahaha
santa, man
HAHAHA
THATS SO WEIRD
yaaasssss
http://www.buzzfeed.com/richardhjames/just-a-great-white-shark-eating-an-inflatable-boat
fuck the ocean
hahahaha
it's so scary
poisonous catfish man
hammer head dolphin
why did one of those not evolve?
they shoudl have
MMMMMmmmMMMM!!!
im trying to imagine him actually saying that, and i cannot
i just imagine chris rock saying it
HAHAHAHAHA
now i do as well
jeans rip
*patches descends*
fuck art
*patches thirsts*
*I give him*
A LITTLE BOWL
with *HIS* name
*my magnum opus*
psssh whatevs
*it contained acid*
https://www.facebook.com/yaliberty/photos/a.420478680196.191456.13187955196/10152095352130197/?type=1&theater
CONSPIRACY
I AM GOING TO BE BE BE BE BE BECOME THE BOAT
hahaha
dont be a boat
sharks eat those
DIDNT YOU KNOW
i thought everyone knew that
idiot
i've seen
im literally just sitting here and looking through a list of 100 greatest cat pictures
what is my life
HAHAHAHA
WHAT MERITS
like
how good a cat picture is
WHAT MAKES ONE BETTER
i dont know but here
http://www.buzzfeed.com/expresident/best-cat-pictures
kittitehs
david wallace is the clost dweller
OMG HAHAHAHAHAHA
dude you need to catch your cat doing something ridiculous
and share it with the world
I HAVE TRIED
NO ONE CARES
ABOUT MY
FIFE
i keep hearing people walk behind me and every time i think im going to get ambushed
tis my great fear
YOUR FEAR
I have that fear
REALLY BAD
I am constantly on my feet because of that feeling
that I'm about to get ambushed
"michael"
*FLIIIINCH*
chris has to now announce himself before he approaches me because i sc ream
HAHAH
josj refuses to do this, and instead, kicks my chair to announce himself
i almost piss myself every time
JOSH. 
*kitten 87 face*
*kitten 81 action*
pew pew pew
action kitty
ont he cxase
WHAT
HOW DO YOU EVEN TYPE
HAHAHAHA
cxase
https://www.facebook.com/events/546440625438956/permalink/632399836843034/
HAHAHAHAHAHA
THE CAPTION
I AM NOT OKAY
im not responding to that because if she ACTUALLY had a problem SHE WOULD NAME HER TYPE OF HELL IN THE FACE OF JUDGEMENT
HAHAHAHAHAHA
IN THE FACE OF JUDGMENT
im judging them all
i am JUSTICE
CHRIST
THE BATMAN CAT
AHAHHA
these are actually kind of funny
NO
THE ASCENSION
THE APOTHEOSIS
THE ASCENSION OF GOD
"you have left me wanting"
*in green pasture*
The bible
aliens aliens aliens
*ALIENS*
*ALIENS*
*BEAN SHIPS*
*SAND BEAMS*
*slime hen*
*grime ben*
*time den*
FINE HEN
*FLY IN*
*FRY HIM*
*DIE ZEN*
*BRIBE THEM*
fry him hahahaha
*BEANS COMING OUT OF MY MOUTH BLLLEEEEEEEEEEEUUUUUUCHHHHH*
teens
teens
teens' beans
*teen enters room*
*looks into your eyes*
*souls touch*
*TEEN SCREAMS*
"what have i done"
*teen flees*
*teen fleas*
*GET THEM OFF OF ME*
HAHAHAHAHA
those are called
"mites"
DONT
OK
MITES
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Adult-Disney-Villains-Ursula-Fancy-Dress-Outfit-Halloween-Costume-/151115590987?pt=US_Costumes&var=&hash=item232f30ed4b
I NEED THIS
HAHAHHA
from the series
for tinley
Disney Villains Ursula Adult Costume
HAHAHHAHHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHA
HAHAHAHHAHAHHA
i want to be a sassy sea witch
I KNOW
haha
go to a disney cosplay event
IN IT
mmannn you know i'd be wearing the SHIT out of my Goofy hat
#turndownforwut
HAHA
turn down for nothing
you know who's pathetic life I take pleasure in watching on facebook
guess
this is a newer one
A BRUSH FIRE
i dont know
tell me
emily tighe. She is such a "facebook person"
OMG SHES TRASH
I WATCH TOO
LOLOLOL
WHO HAS $$$ AND WOULD LIKE TO GO TO MURDLE BEECH
Emily Tighe
April 22 near Spring Hill, WV
People = shit
HAHAHAHAHAH
"WHERE THA DRUGS AT FRIENDS"
"IM GAY BUT NOT ANYMORE BECAUSE IM DATING A MAN BUT HE MIGHT BE GAY TOO"
RIGHR
RIGHT
RIGHT
WHAT EVEN
i haaaate both of them
chris wilcher is a PIECE OF SHIT
and emily tighe is
well, a tight
*TIGHE
a trash person
as you would say
you always talk about "trash people"
and I'm like
"what the fuck is a trash person"
yes
now you know
yes
emily tighe is a prime example
hahhaa
i mean
they people that you wish would just hurry up and die
but at the same time you love watching their imminent death in slow motion
everyone
HAHAHA
all my facebook friends
all of my twitter followers
everyone i went to high school with
my family
tobert smith's hair
everyone that is rude to me at restaurant like 'chiles'
HAHAHAHAHA
CHILES
or
"texas roadhouse"
all doge \
atheists
christians
children
adults
people who use bluetooths that are so tiny you can't tell that they are talking to someone other than themself
brush fired
jelly fish
paul
dont forget paul
man o war
people who identify as
pescatarian
BLUETOOTH SHOULD HAVE BUILT A TINY ELECTRODE SET TO KILL IN ALL OF THEIR HEADSETS AND THEN MADE THE REST OF THE WORLD PAY THEM FOR THE KILL SWITCH
people who constantly talk about new york city
kill switch to kill idiots?
I'll allow it
*whistle blows*
pssssst it's game time
power rangers power rangers
im going to go to all of these "rock" "SHOWS" i get in vited to
and finish all of them off
with one
fast
move
did you see
*go*
the seriously awkward
avril lavigne meet and greet photos
i didn't click it
you must
hahahaha
theyre SO BAD
ok
haha
she seems like a total c*nt-word
NO TOUCHING POLICY
WHAT A PROTESTANT MOM
http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-05/enhanced/webdr03/5/12/enhanced-5163-1399306066-1.jpg
OMG
OMG
OMG
hahahah
HAHAHAHA YES
she's totally that weirdo on chat roulette
speaking of which
chat roulette seems fun and scary
aiii smay-yall
bleeeach
dude
have you never been on chat roulette
it's horrifying
well back in the old days
it wasn't
but if you've been on it since 2010
it's HORRIFYING
oh god
i am always afraid of it
i never got on it back in the day
it's just older men flailing their seed pistons hoping to find a young mate
I did in middle school
there were weird ass people on there
SEED PISTONS HAHAHA
I WILL SEE THE HARVEST
i remember in the head shop on the laptop chris was on there once, with a mexican blow up sex doll man
NOooooOOOOOOOO
NO
HELP
HELP ME
IT'S LIVING DOG OF MAN
WHO KNOWS HIS ANTERIOR AND POSTERIOR DIVISIONS
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
WHY WAS THAT NEVER IN OUR ANATOMY CLASS
i would have died
I WOULD HAVE SHRIEKED
nan
TELL ME MORE
http://www.theonion.com/articles/brutally-honest-new-revlon-ad-campaign-reminds-cus,35968/
also this hahaha http://teamcoco.com/video/dave-franco-james-franco-selfies
his brother thinks SO LITTLE of him
"this is kind of refined for him"
hahahahahahaha
my boss walked up so i need to watch it now lolol
haha
someone else started a new oh/ky/wv show
for reptiles
and they vend our show
I HATE THEM
WHAT
no
https://www.facebook.com/events/1505263236361314/1505268759694095/?notif_t=plan_mall_activity
"Reptiles That Don't Suck will be there on the 26th! The whole team is stoked to be a part of this show." SUCK A COCK JESUS FAG
HUNTER MIGHT GO
nope
lololol
its in ashland
im not driving hours to go to a shit show that has nothing i need or want
HAHA
nan
BAHAHAHAHAHA
they wont take it down but that's funny
I almost checked
"this is a scam"
I know they won't
I just wanted to do that
loolol
HAHAHA
i think they will all see that you are my best friend
and theyll be like
HUNTER IS TRYING TO HURT OUR SHOQW
fucking cry babies
HAHAHA
it's okay though, once this show blows up i can pretty much do whatever i want with it
I enjoy hurting others psychologically
i do as well
plus
Unless they're below the bell curve. Like the "future vet." She was so stupid I almost felt bad.
our show is in september and we have ALREADY re-confirmed beeger boxes and jungle jewels, who are the only vendors of the country's highest quality ball pythons, and they won an international award for their custom enclosures
they did thousands of dollars of sales last time
yeah that's a bigger deal
jamee and chad went to the cincinatti reptile show and got new vendors' info too
we dont fuck around
NO TIME FOR GAMES
I have time for games
well mind games are the best goes
but theyre not even gamesd
ITS HOW YOU GET BUSINESS DONE
little wayne
small waymond
big old ray
lazy sunday
Nick Murad
13 mins  
did my last final today movin on up wish u were here
What's this mean
it means
WHO
he is "movin on up", so he is black
that is a black saying
also
i doubt he is talking to anyone
he is probably just being an idiot
like the murads are good at
murads was shut down because it was a filth pile
HAHA i used to go there after school because my parents couldnt afford after school care SO INSTEAD THEY SENT ME WITH THE MURAD BOYS TO A FUCKING DIVE BAR AFTER SCHOOL
HAHAHAHAHA
Jesus
is saviore
my name is julio
hoolio
nope
choolio?
nope
you cholo?
oh god
hand
slap
ritual
to indicate
"clapclapclap CLAP"
celebratory action
HI FIVE?!
FIVE HIGH NOW
*GO*
"SLAP"
the nsa injecting weed into my heart and it became selfish with my blood
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
blood hoarder
it was hungry
potato moths
WHAT IF THERE WAS A SERIAL KILLER THAT JUST WANTED BLOOD, NOT THE BODY
there is
his name
DRACULA
oh god i did just describe a vampire
yes.
you did.
WHAT IF
well....
o'DOYLE RULES
WHAT IF THERE WAS A PLACE WE COULD GATHER WITH FRIENDS, AND HAVE SOMEONE ELSE'S MOTHER COOK FOR US IN A PLACE MUCH LARGER THAN THE KITCHEN, AND WE COMPENSATE THEM WITH THE US DOLLAR
HAHAHA
i was thinking
WE SHOULD HAVE A SMALL COOK OUT
but then again i dont know how to grill
I love cooking out
it's not a challenge to do
the only bad thing
is there is that one guy at every cook out
who acts like there is some special god damn method
oh yea youre totally right
he talks to the meats like theyre his children
*INHERIT MY TASTE*
i would need to make potato salad
MmMMMMMMMMmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!hencream,soblessed,jansblouse!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and DEVEILLED EGGS YUMMMMMM
jans blouse hahaha
social media at ticketmaster
what a JOKE
whoever works that job
doesnt know what the fuck theyre doing
fucking idiots
i thought i heard a dog squealing from displeasure
Sure I'm a virgin. A virgin of taking weed that is! #ZING!
I AM NOT
I HAVE TAKEN IT
(never given birth)
DANCE DANCE DANCE DANCE *stop* TWIRL
HAHAHAHA
uh huh uhh lets go
#YAWEH
Young Americans With Every Hope
yu mo slig frih
bin blich
HAHAHAHA
BLICH
crento masch
ding dong shamalong wicky wicky woo
klaus
HAHAHAHA crunkmas
CRUNKMAS KARNIVAL
no
shit ip
yogurt: the official snake food of nyc.  our rats say, "WE LOVE IT!" *SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK*
http://motherboard.vice.com/blog/a-molecular-fountain-of-youth-now-proven-to-repair-brain-tissue-and-muscle
http://www.wtfjapanseriously.com/search/label/Images?max-results=6
nan
By the grace of mary
TEEN
TEEEEEN
HAHAHAHAHA
THIS SITE IS AMAZING
christ
haHAHA
yes
remember to call john's office after work and at least leave a message
i will do just that
also they should have my old files if he works with damous
they should
awesome stuff.  thank you again.  i need to call process strategies one last time and tell them not to send me any more bills.
Yeah that's true.
It doesn't surprise me that they fucked you over
The only good doctors there were John, who left, and Dr. P, who left for a better job. I went to both of them. Dr. P was the person I worked with after I had that mental breakdown. She is really good
Hm okay.  My BPD is something that I need to work on with myself, but i need someone who can help me deal with the anxiety because if i have anxiety nothing is getting fixed.
That's true. And there are pharmacological things that can be done to help with BPD. Don't discount that. I don't know what john will prescribe, but chances are it will be to tackle all of your problems.
Huh okay...I don't think I've ever had a psychiatrist understanding enough to prescribe something for BPD, or to say that i have BPD.  how should i approach him with that situation?  just tell him that i tested very highly for it?
Well here's the thing, he can help you tackle the smaller things, like intense mood fluctuations and anger.
Best thing you can do
is tell him you were at process strategies, and who you were seeing
they can transfer your information over with your permission
okay good stuff.  and yea ill just tell him that i have had anxiety all of my life, which is easily tamed down, but that my anger and mood swings are the nastier problem
The more direct you can be about exactly what you're feeling the better he can help. So that's good that you're aware
im self criticizing to almost an OCD level.  and im that critical of others as well.
and thats what causes the anger
Here's what you should avoid with any psychiatrist, because you have to remember they are human and complete objectivism is impossible....
listing relative disorders. List all the issues you're having, even if you know they fall into certain disorders. Going in with a list of things you have can be off putting and confuse the diagnostic process
The symptoms are what's most important.
ahhhh okay i see what youre saying
i have intense mood swings often resulting in anger, i am incredibly anxious, i have co-dependent tendencies and i am unreasonably hard on myself and those around me
Yeah. And those kinds of things will be reached ,through a series of questions most likely
so you can go into more detail
but they will definitely be able to move your records from PS to damous
that will move things along
yayyy ^.^
so does john have experience treating BPD?  im assuming he knows about your grandma lolol
He is the one who said she probably has it, as well as maria
haha
He's really experienced. He was head of psych at one of the VA hospitals among other things. He's seen it all and can deal with it all.
that's so awesome to hear
finally osmoene who can help me haha
not someone talking out of their ass
this could be the best thing that's happened to me in awhile, finally getting seen by a knowledgeable physician
I was just gifted cucumber Gatorade
WHAT
ARE YOU JOKING
TELL ME NO
yes
it is called
cool refreshing
it is real
does it taste like salt?
no because cucumbers are salted after the fact
hahahaha
it tastes like
melon
with a little hint of vegetabke
that sounds amazing
josh changed his google plus icon to a photo of him with his teeny tiny light pink streak in his hair
#turndownforwhat
again
his face in the photo is so bad too
im laughing
hahahahaha
STOP TAKING SELFIES AT WORK JOSH
he is a never ending line of comedy for me
yesterday
my body
could not handle
his
TALKS
seriously, he sounded like an imbecile
i felt bad that he is that stupid/stubborn
not sure which
he has never proved to me that he is overly intelligent, only that he cares way too much about what people think hahaha
SO TRUE
he is so hard to talk to because of how stubborn and dumb he is
it's getting more difficult as days go by
i just cant make myself care about half of what he says
he is a geriatric idiot
im trying to set up like a...michael, chris, hunter, josh lunch thing
it would be
SO MUCH FUN
hahahaha
HAHAHA
I no longer am obligated to bheave around him.
I was that ONE time
no youre not
he's pretty dumb
just dont yell at him and you'll be fine lol
because he will actually go down with you, yelling, and screaming
he will basically rise or lower to however others are acting
he is such a teen
jesus
I have a plan
If I'm ever in a social situation with him
well he pretty much agreed to go eat
so whats the plan
lol
I am going to get him to model my behavior
act like he's interested in what I'm saying
YES DO IT
HAHAHA
and then oppose it
do the opposite
why twice
twice
im so glad he has no kids
because he could not raise a child
he is one
he says "sunday but i cant make plans yet"
theres probably some girl who he wishes he could have sex with coming into town
i think chris is no longer threatened bgy him at all
because he got to know him
and he's a doofus hahahaha
he was like, i dont understand why he cant get laid.  i mean, he's not bad looking.  i dont get it.
Josh?
and i was like, dude, he's a child
no chris said that
Well
about josh
I know
well
I think
Josh is SO stubborn and he prides himself on it. That's idiotic
I think he has a bad personality
a superiority complex that's offputting to women
also
He's not AWFUL on the eyes
but he fixes up in a way that makes him look like a neckbeard
his hair is bad
his clothes or ridiculous for someone in his position
So if he changed basically everything about him
he could get laid
HAHA
well honestly, i think SOME of his clothes are attractive
but some are ridiculous
and his hair has good and bad days
trust me
lololol
I'll tell you this
also, his personality is bad.  and it's sad because he seems like he would be caring and loving in a relationship, but how would anyone see that?  ive had to talk to him for like a year, on a very personal level, to even see that he isnt actually an asshole
you have a taste in guys that's a little different than most. You TYPICALLY (not always) like damaged, society outcasts.
Josh is one of those
hahahah
My issue with him
boils down to this
It's not his hair or his bowties
It's the fact that he's actually a worse person than most, but relishes in the fact that he's so much smarter and more personable
HES JUST SO FAR OFF
hahahaha
he's actually not a bad person
but he makes it seem like he is
because he puts on so much
it makes you want to knock out his teeth
he's seeing his ex this week apparently, and she wont have sex with him
HAHAHAHAHA
he's so desperate
oh some girl agreed to lunch with him
poor thing doesnt know what she's in for
she's expecting a dapper, put together, man
she's going to get a rude boy teenager in an old body
come here rude boy can you get it up
*teen songs*
HAHAHAHA
rhianna
fo sho
OH GOD
OH GOD
IM DYING
HELP
IS THIS REAL LIFE
HE'S GOING TO DINNER WITH A TEANS PERSON
TRANS
TRANS
He's not attracted to trans people
he just wants to prove how much he loves LGBT people
fuck him
idiot liberal
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ITS TRUE
HAHAHA
i dont remember him telling me about this girl but apparently he has
that's so funny
HOLY SHIT
OH NO
THE PHOTO HE SENT ME
SHE LOOKS LIKE
SHE IS
A MAN
send it
SHE IS A MAN
nan
I hate him
he just wants to prove to the world
SOMETHING
SHE IS TOO MUCH OF A MAN FOR HIM
HE IS NOT THAT MANLY
He's not
i didnt know what to say
i wanted to say
pass along my message
GROSS THATS A MAN WHAT ARE YOU DOING YOU IDIOT
HAHAHA
HE IS NOT GAY
HE IS IN THE EQUIVALENT OF A HIGH SCHOOLERS SEXUAL PHASE RIGHT NOW
he is
that's acurate
i told travis about this, and he said, "is (s)he hot?"
i was like NO NO NO NO NO
https://www.facebook.com/melissa.karlee?tsid=0.8171862789895386&source=typeahead
"left job at walmart"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LEFT
LEFT JOB
dude
REading her posts
Like not stereotypign trans people
but
The posts of this person just sound like a mans posts
usually a LOT of aspects change about a person when they change genders
but like
NFL
NFL
NFL
DRINKIN
NFL
Katelyn Hasty feeling proud
2 hrs  
5 months I will have beat teen pregnancy !
DUDE I KNOW ITS ALL ABOUT FOOTBALL
hahahahaha
dude I just had to get matts air conditioning going
it's LITERALLY
like 100 degrees in his room
70 % humidity
according to his air conditioning device
NOT GOOD FOR THINGS TO CONTINUE LIVING
man he's gonna kill stuff easily that way
he should put the crested gecko downstairs or on the mid level or something
We did
We brought him down
What do we do until we can get that stuff
we can't order the food right now until my mom gets paid
is he feeding the crickets fruits?
or something
because it can eat a cricket a day but the crickets need to be gut loaded for nutrients
He feeds them carrots
you dont need a lot of fruit to feed them, just tell him to give them half a slice of banana or something like that
carrots are good but i'd use fruits if youre aiming to feed the crested, but just any fruit or veggie is a good start
doing that now
OMG
Emily tight "hot dogs kill over 7 people annually, marijuana kills NONE"
tighe hahaha
She posted that with a photo of a hot dog
jesus christ
I think as a society we are past that
lolololol
heart disease kills millions
dummy
No one is saying marijuana kills people anymore, the silly meme isn't necessary .. BLA BLAH KILLS SO AND SO, WEED KILLS 0
yea i dont think anyone actually thinks weed is dangerous anymore
That's what I'm saying
now it's just people thinking it makes kids lazy
hahahaha
which to an extent...it does hahaha
I mean
Caffeine makes kids hyper
so
i mean yea but that's not a grounds to ban it
that's my point
i dunno, i will never fight the "pot battle", but it should be legal
mashed potatoes and steak makes me sleepy
I won't either
it's a waste of  time and no one cares.
eventually it will be
man i want mashed taters
All the old people just have to die first
ME TOO
I just had chinese n00dlz
nood0lays
maaaan
i have to meet with chaD AND JAMEE AFTER WORK
why do i keep accidentally hitting caps lol
im so bad at typing
it's not even funny anymore
m3 t00
AMT2010 EDITION
OMG
i am
yus
ax7micha3l7xt
HAHAHAHAHAHA
its so close to A7X
im hoping you noticed that
I mean
DUH
okay so
i dont know how to even talk to josh right now
i cannot ignore that he is going on a date with a man
im assuming for attention
if he were gay it would be different
that was my guess
but i want to scream at him
HE IS SO OPEN MINDED HUNTER
you don't even know
he doesn't even have to prove it
you just know
I HATE IT SO MUCH GAHHHHHHHH
god now he's sending me screenshots of their conversations
nooooooooooooo
I'm so sorry
Here's the best part
the chick is trans
but more manly than josh could hope to be
SEe the irony here?
HAHAHA
i asked him if she is post or pre op
and he said, she still has a dick until it fell off since she told him that
Shes' just on hormones I'm guessing
also, he said that she just recently became trans like a year ago
dude that doesnt even look like hormones
that looks like a dude in womens clothing
DRAG
yes essentially, and it's bothering me
HE SAYS
OH NO
HE SAYS SHE MIGHT COME WORK HERE
IS HE RETARDED
GET THIS CRAZY FIENDING HAG AWAY FROM ME
He's so attention starved it's sad
i want to say to him
HOW MUCH ATTENTION DO I NEED TO GIVE YOU FOR YOU TO STOP ACTING LIKE A FUCKING IDIOT
but
that's not my job
Nope
Your job is to watch as he makes weird decisions
tell me about them
and laugh in a chorus of laughter
yes
i am an observer
IM A GENIUS
i planted the seed in his mind that she could possibly be on drugs
so he mentioned pillheads working at TM
AND SHE STOPPED TALKING TO HIM
and he's like "hunte ri guess you were right"
hahahahahahahaha
Wow
awesome plan
but he is so stupid on so many levels
omg
hahaha
i dont think he wanted to meet up with a tranny, if he did he would still be trying to find out if she is ACTUALLY on drugs
maybe he wanted to make me jealous
or something
who the fuck knows
well if so that was really weak attempt
he seems like a weak person
why else would he be such a pussy
why am the wingman to the dude who is basically the 36 year old virgin and wants "all of this", as they say, and then he also wants to pretend to be gay and socially conscious
HAHAHAHAHA
You volunteered
Before you knew him you idealized him.
And then you got to know him
and Now it's the huge Joke
yes
thank god i understand now
that he is a social retard
erm yeah
you would say to me
"michael"
"michael"
but it's so fun to be able to know im more sane than him somehow
*M I C H A E L*
"josh
"
"josh takes online classes JUST FOR FUN"
and i was like
"cool dude"
but Really
I was like "LYING DOUCHEBAG IS HE"
HE IS NO FUN.
hahahahaha
you know that i am easily entranced by the crazy ones
i am attracted to eccentricity
I know I know
you totally are
And you know I'm attracted to things that are the opposite of that.
So I can manipulate the situation and/or escape easily
ITS HARD TO ESCAPE THE CRAZIES
yes the crazies are the most difficult, youre right about that
YOU LIKE THE CHALLENGE
because where as i can draw up fake realities for normal people
the weird people already have their own fake reality
so i have to MORPH it
THEY DO
and it's so funny
the other day my mom was asking me about bella...and then proceeded to say "you realize how controlling and demanding you are right"
I was like NO MA
WHY
ii am almost positive that josh just described me, to me, but as a different person
we constnatly analyze eachothers behavior
hold up, analyze this for meh
but it's weird to hear it's true
ok
i think he changed some aspects but this is too close to me, and he never gave the "girl" a name
ok
again, i could be reading into it too much
me:  hahaha "the babysitter"?
 lordmacbayne:  Mhm the last person.
Like 2.5 years ago
 me:  h
what happened there?
 lordmacbayne:  Nothing
She said she wanted to get it
But
Plot twist
She wanted to have a million babies
 me:  HAHAHA
well just
have one
 lordmacbayne:  She's crazy
So
I didn't want that
 me:  i mean a million babies isnt always bad
 lordmacbayne:  And so, that was that.
 me:  but it is when youre telling someone you want to have their one million babies
 lordmacbayne:  She's nice.
Very cute too
Talented
 me:  but wait
you like crazy
i dont see the problem
 lordmacbayne:  Depraved
Too crazy
She thought there were ghosts in her house
So I didn't mind being friends
he is flirting with you in neckbeard
he just sent me a photo of some chick, so maybe he's lying.
He is
i think everything he says is fabricated
hahahahaha
It definitely is
He is sending you a photo of the girl in order to trip you up. Like he obviously was talking about you but he wants you to be like "Oh maybe it wasn't me"
whast is wrong with him
oh god youre so right
hold on
hahaha
I THINK
He's changed his mind
"lordmacbayne:  And filthy.
She's perfectly fine
She just doesn't need to be with me.
Its not what's best for her.
 "
That's about you
he thinks
that he's the wise older gentleman
and your the love stricken puppy
who he has to let down gently
But man is that off
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i wonder how embarrassed he would be if he knew i could see through all of this
that's why he's not being direct
He's like
"she's smart enough to know that I mean her, but I'm going to play it like this because it's like a made for tv movie where I'm an older rich gentleman and she's a love stricken 20 year old"
HAHAHAHAHA
A MADE FOR TV MOVIE
LOOOOL
it is
it's just like
i dont ever have to guess what he's thinking
because he tells me
IN CODE
he isn't sly
at all
hahahahaha
hahahahahah
wait a second
that dickhole called me depraved
hahahahahahaha
he did.
im so cute and talented but dont forget, im fucking crazy
HES THE CRAZY ONE
he's so naive
he really is
i mean
the dude talks in "doge" half of the time
i think i might be driving him mad to be honest
or mad-der
maybe once he's not an asshole ill stop letting him believe i dont know he's crazy about me
whatever
doe
ge
doe
doge
gode
geo-d
HAHAHAHAHA
minerals
geodude
NO JOSH STOP
NO STOP
TELLING ME ABOUT YOUR
FAKE SEXCAPADES
PLEASE GOD NO
tell me
*please give me attention*
lolol
he is trying to talk about this "vibe" thats supposed to be for your back or something
that he has used
" lordmacbayne:  Pk
Ok
Let's get specific
Personally
I've used it while fucking a girl
She held it on herself while she rode me.
Works fine
Same chick also used it while sissoring another chick
So like it goes between them
Works even better that way
 "
I am done with him for the day
i can't hear anymore
CANT
HAHAHAHAHA
hey VTH
waddaaaap.  cant talk much,  whiney boss is here today.
do i tell damous' people that i need to see hutton and that someone referred me? or?
Tell them
That you were told by dr. hutton to call and make an appt
That's what my mom said to say the other day
okay that sounds good to me
so i need to clip charlie's wings, apparently he just flew into the sink
the kitchen sink
lol
oh my
lol
i know, he's a real flyer
if ya know what i mean
*wink*
BEANS
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152428394091942&set=a.10151089987331942.485676.606526941&type=1&theater
What what why what
help meeee
i think it's a bean but im not sure
I just tagged "a bean" in the photo
HAHA
I did
He will deny the tag
but I don't bean
you dont bean?
not anymore
it was an APPLE SEED
i guessed the species of apple so i get 50 dollars off
WHAT
wow
cripps pink apple hahahaha
did you call damous yet?
havent taken lunch yet, think i should now?
when ever you get the chance
Called, gotta call back in a few to talk to Jane or something
done!
SWEET
15:15 on may 16th
12:15*
they dont take united behavioral health but they do take healsmart
healthsmart
Ok cool beans
woot
:D
photography
takin pitchers
WITH LEMONADE
my landlord was just outside and heard me screaming about my sister. I think he wanted to hi-5 me.
HAHA
what were you screaming about?
I'm worried about matt's chameleon
He doesn't seem to be gaining ANY weight
and dude get this
my sister fucking unpluged matts power supply to his room and stole his fan
it got to NINETY degrees up there. I just got the air back on
i would have beat her to death
I was screaming about that
and Sunny is eating the banana and berries. My mom is getting blue berries with matt today. He finally figured out how to mash it correctly and sunny is eating it. He wants to keep doing that.
yea i would have been pretty loud as well
okay that works fine, he just needs the Miner All sprinkled into the fruit to get proper nutrients
without it they can get MBD
metabolic bone disease
ordering it now
get the one thats for indoor reptiles
for the crested
I did.
woot
score for michael
do i need to have it in by tomorrow? over night is only 3 bucks but I have prime so two day is free so I d k
two day is fine
ORDERED IT WILL B HERE SAT.
but for chaos the only thing i can recommend is to keep gut loading the crickets with fruit and make sure he gets misted when it's hot like this, and of course on other days as well.
Yeah I just misted him.
by tonight the temp should be back down in the mid 70s
I am SO MAD about that
and like all of the lamps came unplugged
I guess considering the temperature sky rocketed that wasn't so bad
yea its good that the lamps were unplugged.  honestly on days that are hot like this it would hurt to turn off the basking lamps.
That makes sense.
I am going to go spritz chaos with some water. The water in the bottle is like boiling haha i need to replace it
jeeez maria -.-
when she turns 18 is she getting the boot? lol
yes
OH MY GOD
i just discovered
that rob delaney trained in musical theatre in college, and he like frequently sings the national anthem at baseball games, and he can sing well
WHAT
hahahaha
theres a rob delaney who breeds cresteds too
HAHAHA
yea i saw his name the other day and did a double take lol
dude i was up until 5 last night, totally petrified and breaking into cold sweats from fear
What
?
i dont know what's wrong with me but i think i have some form of mild night terrors or sleep paralysis.  i get so paranoid i think something is going to appear and scare the shit out of me, and it paralyses me with fear
and i cant sleep because i have nothing for it
Just anxiety
Really bad anxiety
But that's happened to me
yea it's like if i hear chris breath funny it registers as a scary noise and my heart starts racing and i get nauseous
I'm still hearing anxiety
What time did you go to bed
dude
Where can I get that thing to clear chaos of parasites
I don't think he's going to live
i have that stuff, you can come over with him after work if you want.  but yea im still sick and nauseous from anxiety
I would appreciate that. Matt has said a million times if chaos dies he's going to give up. And I don't want him to. We just WERE NOT given proper instructions for care
the thing about buying animals is you cant take anyone's word on it unless they have a ton of experience with that species.  youve gotta do research to make sure everything is right.  but it's a common error.  ill help any way i can.
i can keep him for a few nights and see if i can get him back on track
\if he wants
My mom pretty much insisted on matt getting this one, so I'm not blaming him. And so many resources online tell you completely different things I couldn't expect matt to know what's what
but yeah
When I went up there he was at the bottom of the enclosure
which isn't like too bad I don't think. It could just be hot, he could be going after a certain cricket, or he could be exploring
but he could also be sick
because there are crickets from yesterday he hasn't eaten.
could be a lot of things.  with wild caught animals they norm\ally stay thinner than captive bred ones.  so he will probably not ever fatten up too much but getting him to optimum health should be fairly easy if he's not doing too bad already
I to get freaked out over colors. I ALWAYS FORGET that he does change colors. I know black spots mean he's stressed/something is up...but I looked at him and was like "WHY IS HE LIKE PALE GREEN" and then I realized he was at the bottom of the enclosure with the grass that was pale green compared to him
hahaha yea my wild caught anoles are sort of like that, they eat well and everything but theyre sort of skinny.  i think i just need to feed them more often because theyre acting fine.
Okay like three diffrerent places have said something about pedialite. WHY
explain
because they can get dehydrated and lose electrolites
and thats a slippery slope
I would assume
ok
yea ill do everything i can for the little guy.
sunny ate the fruit mash yesterday, which is good. We should be getting the minerall tomorrow
yay thats awesome to hear :D
He was sendentary
but he started eating and got a good bit more active
as long as he stays at a good temperature he'll be the easiest thing matt has ever taken  care of lol
I had to bring him downstairs while matts room was at like 95 degrees
haha
yea i mean you may want to just leave him downstairs somewhere
because if it gets too hot and no one can tend to him he could die
It's about 74-75 upstairs now. about like the rest of the house
is that a good temp?
yea thats perfect
OMG
IAN JESSE THINGS
WANT TO SEE
YES YES YOU KNOW I DO
ok
he posted this video that everyone is sharing about BLAH BLAH BLAH THERE'S SO MUCH TEXTING BUT NOOOOO COMMMMMUNICATING *YOUNG PEOPLE*
and here is the first comment. Keep in mind, she is talking about time with her son.
Andrea DiGregorio Brilliant ! It reminds me of three Christmases ago. I had just gotten a new iPhone and Brandon had just gotten a new iPod. We sat next to each other on the couch for three hours that night. Playing with our new technology. Both of us totally absorbed in what we were doing. And when we were done this is what Brandon said, with a sweet irony, "it's been great spending time with you Mom."
May 6 at 2:43pm  Like  1

Ian Jessee i enjoyed spending time
he replies
Ian Jessee i enjoyed spending time with you the other day too. i want to sit by you at the next audition pretty please.
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SO OUT OF LEFT FIELD
JESUS
it's like
he didn't even read it
he just
said
SPENDING TIME WITH YOU
adn was like
I NO
man he is so crazy
i hope i see him sometime on the street or something
i want to talk to him
me too
and if he gets sassy ill tell him he's ins ane
IVE SEEN YOUR FACEBOOK.  I KNOW THINGS.
I'VE SEEN YOU
BOPPING AROUND TOWN
hahahahah
bopping
hey i need your hel]
hshahsh
help
0k
josh sent me a screen shot of that man woman telling him he looks gorgeous in one of his photos or something
i dont even know howe to answer
because she is so manly
show me
please god
i need this
you can look for yourself on his profile hahahahaha
on his added photos
it's not there
hold on lolol
why is he still taking *drama* shots
(36)
does he know jesus was married according to new findings
I'm surprised he hasn't patronized his religious fb friends yet
HAHAHAHA
PERSONALLY AND INDIVIDUALLY
let me find the comment...
it's the second photo update, with him standing in front of best buy hahaha
he commented on those photos collectively
It's not there
FUUUCK
hold on
I have a theory about myself
tell meh
ok
so
I am constantly diagnosing everyone around me with mental illnesses
just so I can tell them about it
and then explain to them that they need help
and take credit
I was just reading about munchausen by proxy
and it sounds like that
hahahahahahahahahaha
so what is the point?  to feel superior?
no
nan
there ya go
it's that people with munchausen by proxy love being surrounded by people who are sick physically or mentally for some WEIRD gratification. Sometimes they even make others sick. I'm essentially doing that because you can't really argue with psychology.
OMG
FINALLY
why would he send that to you
athat sonds like what i also do.  and i have no fucking idea.  dude he's gotten SO CLOSE TO ME
he now comes over to my desk just to say "bye" and walk away
I truly feel
disdain
for him
but I NEED YOUR STORIES
HE CAN NOT LEAVE
HAHAHA
i mean
do you hate him because of the douchebag factor?
I don't hate him.
I just like
I think he's a useless bag of cells
hahahaha
CELL BAG
I could deal with the douchebag factor
If he had any concept of the limits of his own abilities
he's just like dustin and every other male friend you've ever had
except this time
it isn't physical powerts
it's mental powers
hahahaha
well he is simlar
but his thing
is that he isnt magical or whatever
It isn't SO crazy
he is somehow so UNMAGICAL
yeah
that he beats everyone else
at being "real"
HAHAHAHAH
His self concept leads to him being a douchebag
because he thing she's so smart
he doesn't realize how idiotic posting things about atheism
and defending science INCORRECTLY
among other things
looks
that photo about him being an atheist which makes him better still makes my skin crawl hahahaha
he is actually a good, warm hearted person.  the worst thing about him is that he tries to be better than he is.  just all around "more socially conscious", which just makes him seem like a prick
WHY THEN
I'd be okay
if basically he wasn't such a try hard
I beleive you
but he just comes off as such a douche because he's so guarded
STOOOOOPPPP
i know it doesnt seem realistic but i can talk to himsometimes and say pretty much whatever i want and he's fine
but sometimes he gets in moods where he just self destructs if he gets upset
fun time
I'm going to his tumblr
he's just a moody teen
i want to call him
teenjosh
he is
HAHA
teenjosh
thats really what i would like to say all of the time
because it's accurate
"did homosexuality kill off the dinosaurs"
*photo of dinos fucking one another*
HAHAHAHAHA
jesus god in heaven above
*save me*
OH NO
"IF THERE IS A GOD HIS PLAN IS VERY SIMILAR TO SOMEONE NOT HAVING A PLAN"
GET READ
QUOTE BY
tell
me
please
EDDIE IZZARD
HAHAHAHAHA
such depth
SO INTELLECTUAL
MUCH SPIRITUAL
WOW
man every celebrity hates god
if they didnt, how would they justify their behavior?
does he just type in atheism and god sucks and fuck christians and then reblog the photos
LIKE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
LOOOOL
his photos are just judgmental idiocy
I don't believe in god
and unless it affects me idc who does
why is he so jaded
it loooks SO BADDDDD
when people do things like that
the reason is
he had a fucked childhood
and he has daddy issues
badfly
badly
*ouch my sensorimotor stage*
I think that maybe he has less than most
BECAUSE
IT's so damn weird not to have father issues.
and most people who do are more normalized
HE IS SO OFF though
he said his dad had BPD
*praise the spaghetti monster*
hahahaha
TENTACLES EVERYWHERE
dude my cat is the best cat like creature
he just started meowing and jumped into my lap
hahaha
i am sweating
and breathing heavily
my pupils are probably huge
the light hurts
?
just anxiety, or adrenaline, or something
both
i need sleep so much
im glad i get to see john friday though
thank god,only 7 more days
Yeah seriously
Josh *BEANS COMING OUT OF MY MOUTH*
joshteens
josh teen
dude what can i do to stop my fore arms from sweating
its so cold
josh teane
i dont know how to "meditate"
lol
HAHAHAHA
YES
YES
YES
RIGHT
Josh tn
love those "characters"
but like
i was up so late last night that i figured josh might be awake
so i messaged him and got no response
but when i woke up he had sent me "hey" 3 times
like an hour apart each time
hahaha
WHAT
that's weird dude
yea he's kind of
i mean
i said he's getting close
to me
hahahaha
why else would he tell me about his camp drag girlfriend
I guess so
What a strange person though
i think i may have found the pinnacle of strange people, right before they start becoming dangerous
hahaha
that's true
juswt finished payin for a reverse shipping label to send to my friend so she can ship me new gecko babies
i havent had new geckos in like
a month
im dying
i want so badly to comment on one of josh's photos
and ask him
"what's with the drama shots"
or tell him he has a pretty mouth
but not really
in parenthesis
OMG I commeneted on that atheist photo
and said "jesus christ"
and liked it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YOUVE GOT A PURTY MOUTH
AHAHAHAHA
OH MY GOD
HAHAH
ITS FUNNY BECAUSE GAY SEX
oh no
OH NO
IM DYING
AAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
wait a second...did he just screenshot your comment and send it to me???
yes he did
why
you can just
look at it
LOOK AT MY NEW ONE
I ADMITTED TO CREEPING ON HIM
SHAMELESSLY
oh shit
i must see
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=457073863398&set=a.119559543398.102184.596733398&type=1&theater&notif_t=photo_reply
I will tease him
for pleasure
pleasure
pleasure
HAHAHAHA OMG
DONT FIGHT HIM
PLEASE
I WILL HAVE TO DEAL WITH IT
I won't fight him
exactly
I wont respond to him
I'll just tease him
im laughing so hard
I just need to find something more interesting
you just called him out
and what the fuck is S'TRUTH
on beign a neckbeard
thats josh teane for "its the truth"
I'm betting it's short for tis the truth
which is worse
tis is worse
tis can only be used SOMETIMES
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152133465788399&set=pb.596733398.-2207520000.1399654277.&type=3&theater
dude stop hahahaha
he will get so pissed
WHY
he's like algirl
wait why would he get pissed
if he gets mad tell him to *hash it out* in a hash brown contest with *yours truly*
because youre poking fun at him
HAHAHA
I USED DOGE
COME ON
HE LOVES DOGE
dude
i think he just called me a tenderloin
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
lomo is like
pork loin or something in spanish
I don't speak internet
LET ME SEE
look at the b&w photo
damn it
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152133465788399&set=pb.596733398.-2207520000.1399654277.&type=3&theater
what in the hell
lomo?
hahahaha
some of his older photos
he looks like
macaulay culkin after he began using heavily
hahahahaha
he sent me a photo yesterday
where his hair was down to his shoulders
oh the redeemerr
HAVE A LOOK
http://content6.flixster.com/rtactor/40/34/40348_pro.jpg
OMG SPOT ON
(he uses american express)
HAHAHAHA
NO ONE USES THAT
NO ONE
ricketmaster's preferred payment method
EW
RICKETMASTERS
HAHAHAHAHGAHAHAHAHAA
THAT IS THE WORST CARD DUDE
that's so ironic
TM's preferred payment
is the most HATED card
yes it is
of course
get with it
for a while many gas stations didn't even accept it for gas
hahahaha
they were like "take your blood money somewhere else, stretch"
how bad would it be
If I posted that photo
as a comment
on  one of his photos
pretty bad?
only post it
if the photo looks just like it
he would probably find it funny
I'm looking for the perfect photo
yessss
hahahahaha
this is fun
im a bad friend but you take priority
he knows this
ok
there is one photo
yayyy
this will be fun
where he looks like he's in a flyer for ICP
it says
im sure he knows that we collaborate hahahaha
JOSH RATED R FOR RESTRICTED
HAHAHAHAHAHA
STOP IT I CANT STOP LAUGHING
i want to post a photo of violent j
OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
NO DONT
HE HATES THEM SO MUCH
and ask him if magic is real
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
dude
he looks like
violent jay and macauly
or however you spell eet
HAHAHAHAHA
who care that no name
it isnt a name!
its like
some letters
OMG
you did something
because he sent me something else
as if i dont know
DISNEY'S THE LION KING'S TIMON
or something
DISNEYS HERCULES HADES
no i didn't
okay im asking him what lomo is
maybe he meant
lame homo
because thats accurate
HAHAHAHAHA
WAIT
I KNOW WHAT IT MEANS
it's a photo thing
like
lomography
DUH
HIS PHOTO
he just told me that
hahahaq
HAS A LOMO FILTER
haha
dude he puts filters on EVERYTHING
instateaned
to hide his CROWES FEET *CAW CAW*
just kidding
HAHAHAHAHA
those aren't his biggest issue
CROW NOISES
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
he's an atheist
what is his "biggest" issue?
oh
well that
lolol
hahahaha
Why can't people NOT believe in god and NOT be overly vocal about it
WHY
dude i have no fucking idea.
but
that LOMO photo
looks os bad
he looks so old
so fresh and so young
such teane
omg
FAKE OR REAL?! GHOST ATTACK VIDEO CAUGHT ON CAMERA!!!!! AGGRESIVE SPIRIT ATTACKS MAN CUGHT ON TAPE REAL
ITS REAL
EEEEEEK
hands
sam's hands
potato moths
kkopwefpokwefpokwepfokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpok
powkefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpowkefpokwef
pokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwepfokwepfokwef
pokwefpokwefpokwepfokwefpokwefpokwefpok
pokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpok
hahahahahahahahaha
pokwefpokwefpowkefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwef
HAHA
pokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpowkef
nofhnvwifhwig
vgrnwjonvowrigv
vnfeonqvgo
pokwefpowkefpowkefpokwefpowkefpokwefpok
pokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpowkefpokwef
pokwefpokwefpokwefp[okwefpokwefpokwefpokwef
pokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwefpokwef
pokwefpokwefpowkefpowkefpokwefpokwefpokwfe
kopfewkopfewkopfewkopfekwop
kopfewkopfewkopfewkop
kopfewkopfewkopfekwop
kopfewkopfewkopfekwop
kopfewkopfewkopfewko
kopfewkopfekwopfekwop
asdiop
asdiop
adsiop
asdiop
asdiop
asdio
asdiop
asd
poidsa
poidsa
poidsa
poidsa
poidsa
poidsajklr
ewk9p
rew9p
rew9p
rew9p
rew9p
wer9pw
er9p
wer9p
wer9p
wer9p
wer9pw
wer9p
er9p
to the left to the left
wer9p
re
wp9we
SPRINLERS
rp9wr
BOCeroihg
w
erpwe
-9u
we-0iriwir
rir
rir
rir
rir
rir
rir
you are typing to me
boxing match
wepfijweropjwpoerj
wpoerj
wpoejr
a massive pile of garbage
wpoejr
wpoerj
hahahahahaha
hot garbage
hugh man meet
pgjwer
gpojer
powje
porjwgh
wf
fpowet
wf
[
[g
baphomet
dpsifjs
dpfogjd
gop[jqw
prt4-9308iruoepw[0rkle'p
l'
you done?
hahahahaha
does josh still have pink hair
its HAIR CHALK
he has it until he washed it
boner is a funny word
I imagine a computer saying it
boooonerrrr
hahahahahahahahahahaa
*COMPUTRON COMPUTING*
man i was watching shark tank
and this guy was selling mental health and memory vitamin pills
i need that right now
lol
hahaha
tip:
MUCH HUNGER
when talking to me
don't EVER
EVER
start laughing with an a
all the black employees are barbequing outside
ex: ahahahahaha
WHY NOT
because it's a real thing
people do it on purpose
just start with the H
i mean
NO
YOU DONT
GET IT
i always *compute* laff
GLASSES
the way that i hear my own laff
in my head
a couple posts a photo of them kissing in bed on to facebook
they have obviously just had sex
who do you call
you call their kids
or do you go vigilante
did you just see this?
hahahaha
yes
people do it constantly
Love bae ;)
and they're like
clearly naked
out of frame
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
and I'm like
YOURE TEENS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
TEEN SEX SELFIE
TEENS FOR THE SAKE OF CHRIST WHO GAVE HIS LIFE
TEENS
buzzfeed says that #aftersexselfie is a thing
HAHAHA TEEN SEX SELFIE
IT IS
OMG
i dont want to be apart of that at all hahaha.  maaaan some things are just too trashy for social media and that's one of those things
I'm calling their parents
and TELLING
SERIOUSLY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
TELLING hunter
TELLING IS WHAT ILL BE DOING
please tell me you have their parents phone number
hahahahahaha
i'll drop them into a pool of beans and it will turn their skin blue
wait
that's
that's from something
i stole that
senza beans
HAhaha
A POOL OF BEANS
people with blonde facial hair should nto have beans
BEARDS
BEARDS
JeSUS
HAAHAAHAHAHA\
youre making me look like an idiot
in fron t of my retarded coworker
just kidding he worships the ground i walk on
who is eem
michael "loveless"
hahahahahahahaha
WHAT
lol
he is almost 30 but looks like a fat 18 year old
and he acts like one
I am on his page
and I was going to ask
is he young or old
HAHAHAHAHA
HE IS REALLY CHRISTIAN
WHEN HE HAD RECIEVED THE DRINK
JESUS SAID
yea dude he is
"IT IS FINISHED"
he also is super "against cops"
WITH THAT
HE BOWED HIS HEAD AND GAVE UP HIS SPIRIT
omg hahahahahahahaha does he say tthat
yes man
like
josh was over here talking to me yesterday
and michael is like
"HUNTER SAYS YOURE INTO COP BLOCK I HAVE AFB PAGE OF MY COP FOOTAGE YOU SHOULD GO LIKE IT"
hahahahahahahahaha
what the hell
hahahahahha
I mean cops are shitty
but no one cares about anyones opinion
SILENCE
*an there was quiet*
*shhhhhh*
he likes "classic rock"
and "hip hop music"
AND
HAHA
LAW AND ORDER SPECIAL VICTIMS UNIT
In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit. These are their stories.
*michael scott does not get the part of sweeny todd*
HAAHAHAHA
i hate SVU
TOO MUCH DRAMA
ME TOO
RIGHT
its like
bitch
she got raped
the drama is almost funny because it's so much
like
dude that's one of my favorite parts about shark tank
the DRAMA
is so thick
BARTENDER: yeah A guy came in here round 7 yesterday, didn't look too happy. He was with a woman, they were fighting
HAHAHA
typical
of a rapist
yeah
DRUNKARDS THE LOT OF THEM
number of drinking rapists in america: 10,000
number of vaping rapists in america: 0
#defend vaping
#lickyourdriptip,notahelplessfemalecaptive
HAHAHAHA
MY GOD
SO MUCH WENT INTO THAT
I applaud you
thank youuu
i tried to make is snappy
catchy
but i cant
its rape
hahahaha
yeahhhhhh lol
avacado
pontoon
HAHAHAHAHA
great words
so like
like
like
IM SO HUNGRY
I NEED FOOD OFF DA GREEL
http://www.buzzfeed.com/mjs538/40-pictures-that-will-give-you-douche-chills
douche chills
you know about these
NO
YES
DO IT
HAHAHAHA
GUY FIERI
I KNEW HE WOULD BE ON THERE
dont ruin it for me
IM NOT THERE YET DAMMIT
okay so throwing up a peace sign
Fred Durst and the lead singer of Puddle of Mud. THAT IS OMG
check
HAHAHA
i HAAAATE when guys do peace signs
like
fuck you man
you dont want peace
you want womens
IS THAT THE NICKELBACK GUY
NOOOOOOOOO
builly ray cyru with short hair
equals
a lesbian woman
who gives zero fucks
that was PAINFUL
you got maaaadd DCs now
just
shake em off
pop yer collah
and shake
just shake em
SHAKE EM OFF
THEY BITE
NO GOD
we are changing to gchat
GET THEM OFF
I can't be on facebook anymore
LITERALLY
hahahaha okay
OK nvm
it says I can't.
THANKS COMPUTER
what the hayal
*Violently shakes*
hahahaha
take this ANTICONVULSENT
IT WILL HELP WITH THE SHAKES
AND YOUR
BIPOLAR II DISORDER!!!!!11
yayyyyy
i think after work
i have to buy
IMAGINE
ok
an entire o of marijuana
HAHAHAHA
JESUS
because otherwise if i just buy 10 gs itll cost me almost the same as the whole O
that's a good bit of money to spend
on "cloves"
its like 140
but
10gs is 100
an O, 28 gs, is 140
so i cant just get 10 gs
even stacey was like, thats just stupid grrrl
john travolta and his "little motorcycle cap"
help me i cant breath hahahahaha
HAHAHA
The one tv host guy
who had the shirt
that said
DONT FEED THE MODELS
DOUUUCHHEEEEEEEEEE
i havent seen that one yet damieeeeet
im half working while i do this
lol
oh that's ryan seacrest
who everyone has decided is gay
ryan slimecrest
HAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THAT WORKS SO WELL
SLIMECREST
i want to light someone on fire
and that person is
avril lavigne
also chad kroeger jesus i hqate him so much
also im so sleep deprived that for a split second i thought there was a dog underneath my desk, sniffing at mke
me
http://www.break.com/video/possessed-woman-on-edmonton-train-attacks-2607503
that's dumb lol
i didnt watch, cant at work
IM SO HUNGRY WTF
I am enjoying
a nutella dip
i want some chicago pizza
mama mia
and a flipside cracker
sbarrossssss
is what i want
flipside
catchya on the
flipside
chewy nougat crunch
nougat
nooo gut
all the gut
new guts
to replace my old, alien guts
hey are you gon have tha car or do i need to pick u up
THERE IS NO CAR TO BE HAVING SADLY IT IS SHOPPING
it is shopping?
so the first one
hahahaha
in the shop**
HAHAHA
shopping car
its a real herby the love bug situation
hey ive discovered a new way to manipulate people into liking my business and my show
besides being awesome at both
ok
tlle
people love to be validated.  thats literally the ENTIRE reason for FB.  so what i do, it if i see something i like, i give it due props.  i like it, comment and tell the owner what i like about it, and they love that.  then, wheteher or not it's true, they think i am super duper nice
tell me
people dont realize that   
the like thing is a collaborative effort 
no one likes "one" like  
they like have 20 likes   
but a comment is different
*having
so
in essence
you're networking
yes but it's more like cheap false networking
so you're telling lies to people
a nice comment on someone's photo takes zero effort from me and they are over the moon about someone caring enough to TYPE a response
and no im not lying, i wont comment on things i dont like
I hate to break it to you, but that's not a big thing. Everyone else is just to stupid to realize that's how you make business connections
that's just how you do it
i know that
im not telling you it's a big thing
because it's not
it's simple
it is but it seems to be working
someone just posted their parol discharge letter like it was a trophy
HAHA
HAHAHAHA
That beck dude is foraging in the woods hahahahahaha
wat
Yea.
go onto
g chat
yo
im really upset and i dont know what to do.  i hate my mom so much
just talking to her for 5 minutes and im crying and i want to hurt myself
just try and hold out
I know she is a huge pain
i feel like i need to go to a hpspital or something
What exactly is the matter?
last night i swallowed my guma nd had myself convinced that it had gone into my lungs'
my mom wants to spend all fucking day with me tomorrow
and she s acunt and i hate her
and i know i cant do it
its going to be a disaster
Then don't. It's your choice.
it's mothers day though
OH
RIGHT
you have to
shoot
well
I dunno what to tell you
this just has to be done
I guess
i cannot escape her
she is mental torture
she makes me insane
I know
Understandably so
OH MY GOD
IAN JESSE JUST POSTED "TREASURE HUNTING" @ EAST END YARD SALE
AND THEN
POSTED THIS PHOTO AS A COMMENT....
IT'S HIM WINCING AND LOOKING MISERABLE WITH A LEATHER BELT AROUND HIS NECK AND SOMEONE PULLING IT, WITH THE CAPTION "I'M A SLAVE TO MAKING DEALS"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OH GOD
that was good enough to make me laugh
so that was hilarious
hold on
I'm gonna show it to you
nan
OH MY GOD HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LIKE
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
WHAT A FUCKING CRAZY PERSON
YES the minerall came in
woot woooot!
So matt just informed me
that he has been using some other supplement that's REALLY similar to minerall
-.-
hahahaha
but he just threw it out
like
OK MATT
HAHA
THANKS FOR SHARING *NOW*
haha
fuckin matt
lolol
but yea thatll be good for him just have him mix it into his mushed up food
how much? just like a pinch?
kind of like you'd put cheese on spaghetti, for normal people who dont eat as much cheese as we do hahaha
just like a sprinkle
maybe two
OH OK
ive never used that comparison before but it's effective haha
still water in it? he says
yea the same way he made it before
ok cool
"michael is chaos ok"
"hows chaos"
*wet*
hahahaha
im hoping he rehydrated
rehydrates
best mothers day post:
How many people get to say that there mother hand picked them I can all they Way yo Russia is my mothers love to me I love here for picking me can't beloved all shes dont for me over the last 17 years she's s amazing to me taking me to practice teachifing me in school II love MY MOM
WAT
hahahahaha
i dont even know
oh my god
he posted it
and then shared it
-.-
FOREIGNERS ON FACEBOOK
not a foreigner
he sounds like one
isnt that spectacular
haha
somee nutcase that goes to gw
he's always doing "photo edits" of random girls and tagging them in it
ITS SO WEIRD
dude i realized this morning that
i think im becoming increasingly anti social
Welcome to my world: people suck and they aren't worth it
i realized that it takes energy from me just to be in the presence of another person
that's sounds more along the lines of depressed
well im that too i guess
im just super uncomfortable right now
like being around people makes me angry
With what?
I totally get that
everything on my feels foreign and sort of scary
mike just walked by and said something stupid like always and ai wanted to hurt him
then enjoy this
http://tylervigen.com/
so weird
movies nicholas cage has appeared in correlates with deaths by drowning in swimming pools
.....
that web page is unavailable
OH
well apparently people die by becoming tangled in bed sheets
what even
WHEN DOES THAT HAPPEN
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHO DOES IT EVEN HAPPEN TO
OLD PEOPLE
WITH RESTLESS LEG SYNDROME
hahahaha
man i feel like i just need to be sleeping on my couch or something right now
i seriously thought i had let gum slip into my air passage last night
i  had to stand on my head and cough to make sure i wasnt dying
I don't know what to say except THAT SOUNDS SO CRAZY DUDE
in both ways
like I would be freaking out but also feeling insane
but if it had gone into your air passage, you would have not been able to breathe correctly
you'd be choking. YOU GOOD
i was very upset because i knew i was fine and being crazy but i still had to be sure
I understand that feeling
i am getting very close to anguish at this point
im just miserable
i found xanax but of course im getting ripped off for it
nevermind i refuse to pay that much
Me: God, can I ask You a question? God: Sure Me: Promise You won't get mad God: I promise Me: Why did You let so much stuff happen to me today? God: What do u mean? Me: Well, I woke up late God: Yes Me: My car took forever to start God: Okay Me: at lunch they made my sandwich wrong & I had to wait God: Huummm Me: On the way home, my phone went DEAD, just as I picked up a call God: All right Me: And on top of it all off, when I got home ~I just want to soak my feet in my new foot massager & relax. BUT it wouldn't work!!! Nothing went right today! Why did You do that? God: Let me see, the death angel was at your bed this morning & I had to send one of My Angels to battle him for your life. I let you sleep through that Me (humbled): OH GOD: I didn't let your car start because there was a drunk driver on your route that would have hit you if you were on the road. Me: (ashamed) God: The first person who made your sandwich today was sick & I didn't want you to catch what they have, I knew you couldn't afford to miss work. Me (embarrassed):Okay God: Your phone went dead because the person that was calling was going to give false witness about what you said on that call, I didn't even let you talk to them so you would be covered. Me (softly): I see God God: Oh and that foot massager, it had a shortage that was going to throw out all of the power in your house tonight. I didn't think you wanted to be in the dark. Me: I'm Sorry God God: Don't be sorry, just learn to Trust Me.... in All things , the Good & the bad. Me: I will trust You. God: And don't doubt that My plan for your day is Always Better than your plan. Me: I won't God. And let me just tell you God, Thank You for Everything today. God: You're welcome child. It was just another day being your God and I Love looking after My Children... REPOST if you Believe in HIM Worth posting.
NOOOOOOO
PLEASE DONT READ THAT
PLEASE
just trust me
youll enjot it later lolol
i was trying to space it out and it sent instead -.-
Fucking christ
Chaos?
That story
HAHAHAHA
MARIA
KILLRD
She is officially a psychopath
She has killed
Yea sadly I don't think he will make it.  He was so so dehydrated :/
I figured.
I would have her committed, she did kill an animal.
She's finished
Lolol finish her
But yea
I am truly upset over this
I worry for the other animals
We have a solution. There's an adapter to rub electricity in matts room. We will put a lock on his door
Great idea haha
I'm so glad sunny is doing well at least. He was eh but now that his food looks basically like what you were feeding him he is much more active and is more interesting in chasing down crickets haha
That's so awesome :DD I knew he'd do well
yo
Heyyy
whats up
My car is making a weird noise that I hate
Is it running okay?
Yea but the brake are making a metallic sound. Apparently they're fine though
They could just be wet
No I think it's the rodors
Or whatever
nan
HAHAHAHA HEARTBEATS
FUCK WEIRDO
fucking* lol
nan
https://www.facebook.com/harmstead/posts/10202980384864830?comment_id=10202980904557822&offset=0&total_comments=12&notif_t=feed_comment HAHAHA JOSH'S COMMENT
HE WANTS TO BE COOL SO BADLY
and he said "get off your ass" to me.  #weirdo
He's so tech - savvy and *hot* right
That's the vibe I GOT
he cracks me up
everyone is in on the joke but him
hahahahahahahaha
I know....
Hahahaha
poor guy.  i heard today that 37 is the happiest age.  he's heading doe a bummer of a 37th hahaha
Me too
From buzzfeed
ASS
I SAW IT ON CONAN
O.O
That's weird that it wasn't buzzfeed
Haha
I KNOW DUDE THIS KEEPS HAPPENING TO ME
over and over
Dude help I have two hours left and these kids are draining me life force
heard anything hilarious yet? haha
No its mostly hyper kids. They all have adhd.
Basically they're always hilarious
oh god lolol.  a ton of aaron hypeses?
Yes
I just realized how funny it is that you're in my phone as "patches"
HAHAHA
i am the patches
i won all the awards and performed all of the surgeries
and the ones i didnt perform, i supervized
teens.
Surgeries is a funny word
I have a story
to end all 'my sister' stories
Sorry I was sleeping.  Do tell.
she got in a fight, was bitten hard in the arm, and now has a horrible infection from a human mouth
it's less funny now, but still funny
HAHAHAHA BATHSALT ZOMBIE STAYTUS
BASICALLY
HAHAHA
she literally became human meat
Lololol what was the fight over and how the hell did the bite get infected?
well
two years worth of significant others followed her from the mall to the capitol, and challenged her
that is not a lie
there was an audience
it was filmed
it was infected because
a disgusting human mouth dug into her flesh and exchanged fluids with her torn skin
it's like gross and pus-y
haha
That is the most psychic gross thing I've ever heard.  She had a hoard of people who hate her follow her and attack her.
hahahahahaha
she actually momentarily questioned her life.
HAHAHA
a HOARD
For like, one second, then she hit the *sweet drug pipe*
hahahahaha
*so sweet*
*and orange*
*tang*
Doctor time, so long 4 now
gr8 bi
i want to hurt/scream at josh
for being a shitty person
just in general
You could have not messaged me at a better time. *PROCEED*
hahaha
well
let me just send the convo, it's easier
lordmacbayne:  you're too harsh.
 me:  no, im just done with everyone here
 lordmacbayne:  fair enough.
 me:  im tired of being talked to as if im inferior to these fucking rejects
i dont want to be superior
i want to be treated with respect
like a normal human being
everyone here is obsessed with sex and drugs
i just want to be in an environment with pleasant people
 lordmacbayne:  ok
 me:  chris finally got into school so with any luck in two years i can tell everyone to fuck off and stay home with my geckos
 lordmacbayne:  ok
 me:  dude just
dont say anything if youre just going to say ok
thats not a conversation
after earlier her told me it's "retarded" for me to avoid black sheep because the employees harrass me to buy alcohol to prove that im not 21, because i tried to pass as 21 ONE TIME
im shaking from anger, i want to tell him to never spoeak to me again
He doesn't get you
what do you mean? lol
He's a huge child
But you obviously know this
Sorry was in a basement and no messages sent haha
i dont want to also be a child and tell him to never talk to me again
because sometimes he is a decent friend
and then sometimes he treats me like garbage because he gets jealous and thinks itll make me like him
Being a decent friend sometimes is the definition of being a shady friend
Lol
do i just ignore him from now on?
or maybe
Don't scheme
It gets you
ill talk to him when he's being nice, and as soon as he's a dick, ill ignore him
AND I in trouble
what? hahaha
Slam hand
I've gotta go
later
Hey
hi there
You have an appt today yay
haha i know dis
i meant to ask
he's probably going to ask if im "on any drugs or medications"
should i tell him weed or no?
Tell him you aren't a hard drug user. Or say something that implies you smoke without saying it. If he asks obviously you say yes.
okay thats a gud plan
gotta shower and head over there, ill let you know how it goes
also im hanging out with beck today
turns out he's very informed on reptiles
used to work at a rescue place
Are tou not at work haha
Oh TODAY
Dude I gtg
later bro
John is the best thank you so so so so much
I know dawg np
He's actually intelligent and understands my issues! This is so new to me lol
Question. Is it bad that in hanging out with beck (Trevor) and I don't want Chris to know?  He would persecute me for it no matter what.
If he asks who you're with you need to tell him
But he will lose his mind
He will never believe that I didn't do inappropriate things
i just found a friend who likes reptiles, that's so rare here
Which is not a bad thing, it is rare.
Chris asked if anything weird was happening, told him exactly what I was doing with who, and now he's flying off the handle
Oh no
Dude please talk to him please
I am with him 90% of the time
I'm not and here's why. I'm also his friend and I'm not crossing that line.
I've realized recently that me intervening would be chaotic
This dude actually loves animals!  That's rare to find and I enjoy showing off my collection
Which is awesome
If he was a chick you would feel the same way
Not really because I don't care.  People are human. I believe humans make and learn from mistakes. I have.
No I'm saying it wouldn't matter if beck guy was male or female
To you
Dude I'm just so confused and overwhelmed but honestly I do not care. I know I did nothing wrong.
Chris is damaged and insecurity is a side effect without a prescription solution. You need to find ways to work through your relationship. You just haven't quite found one yet.
He is strangling me
Literally or figuratively
Figuratively lolol
I hope the latter
Haha
Ok
Well
Dude I dunno. You just have to work through this with him
Elijah is coming with us after work so Chris can chill about by then. I have to be considerate but the same time his morals were verrry lose when we started dating. I didn't even bitch about him going to a stripe club and getting black out drunk
Yeah I wouldn't bring specific examples up because it's very offensive but you could vaguely mention something like that
Yea I'll dance around it's I'll generalize. Gotta go, wish me luck
i need someone to vent to and you and josh are the only two people i can talk to
im assuming youre working
Sorry I just got up. Slept in.
What's going on
please dont persecute me for this and please try to understand
You know that's not what I do. Let's hear it friend.
i feel like it is time for me to get out of my relationship with chris.  not necessarily jump into anything else, but im just not happy.  and im not happy thinking about leaving him either.  it's pretty upsetting.
I see. Did you just have this epiphany or is this a thing you've really thought about/is there some kind of game plan
both of the 2nd and some of the 3rd
let me walk you through yesterday
Okay sure
of course, disclaimer, i did nothing even almost wrong
according to chris' standards
and mine even
but trevor has a house near TM, i think its his mom's but i also think he owns it?  im not sure.  anyways.  he is the kindest, most considerate, soft spoken, intelligent person
I've heard lol
he radiates warmth and he DOES things, he goes and protests things he doesnt believe in and he goes on hikes every day
he made me organic french brewed coffee
with coconut milk
and then i mentioned having a caffeine sensitivity
and he was like "oh im sorry, i should have offered you something else, and he took it back in the kitchen for me"
dammit quotes
and he came and saw the animals
and was IN LOVE with them
even knew about a ton of them
And you then realized you deserved to be with someone who makes you as happy as you make them,  because of his gestures
(Guess)
yes
because we "vibed" together so fucking well, he was a joy to be around, such a wonderful person
he's even passionate about what he believes in
chris doesnt believe in anything
Ok ok
So
What is your plan?
I'm curious about how you would even do this
thats what the problem is
well heres my general outline
Okay
i break up with chris (no idea how), but continue living with him and paying rent. i will drive him to work, etc.  because i have to.  he got accepted into that pc school (but let's be honest he is excited about school, not computers)
then if that all worked out
i would probably try to ease into things with trevor, i really dont want to move to fast if he even accepts my advances
because i mean
that would look terrible
if i went from one to another instantly
and trevor's problem is
that his gf of like 3 years just left the other days, stopped returning his texts or calls, and then left him a voice mail of rustling and a dude's voice
Yeah I would object to that. Ease in to it if you want something because there's a possibility there isn't anything there
exactly
i want to really get to know him
i mean already i know so so much about him
but theres much more to learn
i mean
he messaged me and said that he really enjoyed all my animals, he loved how clean everyone was, and if i ever needed his help with upkeep he would be glad to
he has no car currently, he has been skateboarding from oakridge up to ticketmaster every day
so he asked for occasional rides, which is no problem at all
How old is he? (Curious)
27
Awesome I was afraid he was like 38 haha
He sounds cool
he had his own place, his own car, and a job somewhere else and somehow got fucked out of all of them at once
this is what he sent me last night
"I forgot to get your number im glad to help you if you ever need it on upkeep I always need rides places so you guys could help facilitate that sometimes and I can help however youd like cause I love them creature over there but I cant get any myself. Im inpressed with how well its maintained though. Thorough"
That's nice but a little oddly worded
he types things very oddly
talking to him is smooth sailing
sometimes his typing is weird
hahaha
but i just sat in a room covered in graffiti, sipped on some coffee from beautiful fiesta mugs, with his awesome dogs playing around in the room
it was just like
"this is what i want to do in my free time"
no tv, just talking, and animals
i cant talk to chris because he doesnt like half of what i do
dude he adopts dogs
he has 3, had 4
the 4th got lost, he went looking for it, walked all up and down greenbrier, finally found her and a gas station lady said she would take her in
and he said "she needed some, and so did the lady"
someone
not some
lol
HAHA
SHE NEEDED *SOME*
lets be serious here pls -.-
haha
Okay
Continue
Haha
i mean we just smoked weed, and talked about people at work, and animals
we didnt even touch on music and i wasnt bored
he just seems like a ray of sunshine
that beats all the odds
Well that's delightful
Lol
like
chivalry apparently is not dead
Nope
would you say that chris ever treated me that well?
So here's my largest concern
Oh
Um
because i dont want this to be like trevor's way of luring me in
I'd say he did, but not in the way that you needed.
i am a "manly" woman, in the way that i take charge, i take action, and i work my ass off
i need someone with the same qualities
I am in the same mind set. I have the same qualities and need my significant other to have them
chris and i talk about the same stupid bullshit every single day
i cant get away from him
i wuoldnt need to get away from him if he werent so fucking boring
that sounds terrible but im being honest
when i say, i dont know what to do, he's like "neither do i, im so bored"
trevor would probably say, lets take the dogs for a hike, or go walk around downtown
and i know chris says similarish things
but walking with him is boring
i dont think i should be made the bad guy because of my feelings
Well his interests are super strange dude
Consider that
Haha
trevor's?
No chris
Trevor seems pretty interesting
he just talks to me about video games constantly man
trevor has a story for everything
and theyre never "i went and broke into this place one time"
he has never smoked a cigarette
never done hard drugs
NO WAY
yea dude
i fucking swear
I want to meet him
He's like the Virgin Mary of living in charleston
Holy cow
i asked if he wants to see godzilla but he doesnt get off until like 6 on monday.  and then he thanked me twice for inviting him haha
Omg lol. Twice
yes
he is just
SO NICE
hears the kicker
he works 20 feet from me
didnt know i work at TM
hahahahahaha
Wait what
I KNOW
# confusex
he was like im so sorry, i knew your face from somewhere but i couldnt place it, im so sorry
Explain how you met this guy then?
i added him on fb
from seeing him here
he commented encouraging things about my sick leo
two days ago i sent him our business page via message
and he just started hard core chatting me up immediately
he's very into animals
That's awesome
Is there going to be like a custody battle of animals here now
well honestly we kind of already have them devided up and i wouldnt want to kick him out of the business anyways
if he wanted to still be a part, he deserves to be
he knows that most are mine
he has some leopards, some gargoyles, and like 4 or 5 other things maybe
im the one that runs the business
dont know if you knew that or not lol
I knew that last part
I just didn't k ow how things were divided
dammit i forgot to clock in today -.-
gotta fill out a time card sheet
anyways
im really afraid of this
Oh no haha.
but im also very excited about the possibilities
Understandably
the one thing i would change about trevor, and not even about him, i'd do it for him, is the fact that his house has 4 dogs in it and it's sort of messy
not gross
but messy
they chew on things lol
theyre all so friendly
you can tell he's a good person by the way his dogs act
so i guess i just dont know when or how to move forward with this
because for a bit
i will have no one to be co dependent on
i function bnest with a partner
without one im pretty bad
i need help keeping up the htings that i work on
but be careful talking about it
im having to delete messages because my shit is being stalked like im an animal
i told chris that yesterday
i lied about trevor being there
then when he asked, he said "something is weird"
and i said, yea trevor is looking at our geckos
and he flipped out
and i just didnt react
i told him why he was wrong
gotta pee/vape brb
bach
no more messages about this
just texts
oh god please look at josh's new status
and his photo of him in his new FIAT
HAHAHAHA
i dont believe in daily horoscopes but...this is mine..."Sometimes you just have to walk through unpleasantness. You're feeling pretty weird about the current situation, and you might have to deal with something that you had hoped to put off for a while longer. Get it over with quickly and move on."
That's accurate haha
but it's so hard to tell what's going on
wwhat if i ended up completely alone
no where to live
just miserable
i dont know that anyone likes me that much
it's very hard to read into what trevor says because he may just be that nice?
it's just all so scary
He may just be needy and alone because his girlfriend left. What you're seeing may not be him
That is also possible
well i know he has tons of friends, he goes everywhere and skates with people, he's ncie so everyone likes him
he just asked if i could take him to teays valley if he gave me gas, he has some sort of event he has to go to
and then he was like, oh sorry youre probably at work
so i dont know man
i reaslly hope he isnt taking advantage
but i can just feel that hes a better person than that
i just always have doubts
I wouldn't NOT have doubts
it's smart to doubt
i wish you could just analyze our interactions
i got my klonopin yesterday and took some so sadly i do not recall specifics
I would take pleasure in this
i remember he asked me to go into this weird separate sitting room instead of sitting in the living room
Oh you did? So john prescribed them again?
and yes
he did
hes awesome
That's great
Wait so you took so many you don
t' remember what you did specifically? hahah wait
i took like 2, and smoked some weed, and you know how when you get giddy you forget the most important things?
lol
YES
YES I DO
so anyways
drinking organic coffee that he brewed himself ina  french press, with coconut milk, sitting and smoking a joint in these like...recliners that dont recile lol
his 3 dogs were all in there, one kept jumping up on my lap but she was nice
i like dogs
and he sat his phone up and said "i didnt say i want gonna make you watch youtube videos, but we can still chat over it"
and he played some police brutality blog video
that he eventually turned off
he didnt pay much attention to it
he was just super conscientious
and then when he got to the animals
he knew a lot of them
and what he didnt know, he wanted to know
he held one of the leachies for like 20 minutes, cradling it lol
tell me if this is approppriate
Hunter Armstead:  
i feel like i have this choke hold where im unable to sociolize  2:51 PM 
socialize   2:51 PM 
without your permission  2:51 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
Dont start that bullshit today 2:51 PM 
quit.  2:51 PM 
Maybe the common link between josh and trevor  2:51 PM 
is that they're male friends that you choose to hang out with WITHOUT me.  2:51 PM 
I had never even met josh before you started all that bullshit
He's an idiot
He wants complete control over you
That's what this is about
i see that he is afraid i will leave him
BUT THIS IS WHY
That has implications embedded
Like
He plays victim
So he can control you
i want to say "im just trying to be happy"
is that a bad thing to say?
Nope
Because he isn't tryig
i just want to be happy
so what if my happiness is unconventional
oh god
"Hunter Armstead:  
chris im sorry but everything you approve of are boring things or things we've done before, people i see every day 2:54 PM 
i need more than that  2:54 PM 
im just trying to make myself happy  2:54 PM 
i feel like i deserve to be happy  2:54 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
You're totally avoiding the issue. 2:54 PM 
And trying to make me feel like a prick.  2:54 PM 
Look, I don't fucking care.  2:54 PM 
Have fun. 
"
Dude chris is emotionally detatched, a child,  has no ambition, and gets worked up like a 13 year old. I am sticking to my initial judgment of him that said "you can do better."
You don't need all of this over having a god dammed social life
"Chris Kingery:  
Why are you trying to start an argument? You havent had to ask me. I've been doing a hell of a lot more around the house than you. 2:57 PM 
But this is the first time you're hearing about it.  2:57 PM 
Because im not a dick.  2:57 PM 
Remember the clothes folding?  2:57 PM 
I've mentioned it ONCE.  2:57 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
IM NOT TRYING TO START AN ARGUMENT IM TRYING TO BREAK FREE FROM THESE CONSTRAINTS  2:57 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
Still not done. 2:57 PM 
Dude, fuck the constraints.  2:58 PM 
Go do whatever you want.,  2:58 PM 
I seriously can't give a shit anymore. 
"
Why does he think he's the shit because he folded some damn clothes hahaha
i work more than him, i feel like on his days off because he sleeps until 2, he should have t do some chores
that i cannot do because im earning money
That's very true
heres the next part
i really do need your help with this
and decisions
Chris Kingery:  
Still not done. 2:57 PM 
Dude, fuck the constraints.  2:58 PM 
Go do whatever you want.,  2:58 PM 
I seriously can't give a shit anymore.  2:58 PM 
I'm tired of you trying to blame everything on me. 2:59 PM 
I dont care if you have friends. I really dont. But why do you have to go about it in the way that you KNOW will bother me?  2:59 PM 
It's like you do it on purpose just to see how I'll react.  2:59 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
im not trying to bother you 2:59 PM 
you just are bothered by everything  3:00 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
NO 3:00 PM 
SH  3:00 PM 
LISTEN  3:00 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
you wake up in the morning wanting to kill me for waking you up so you get to go to work 3:00 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
Anyone would be bothered by what happened yesterday.
he just walked over here, read my shit, and said "mm, mmm, thats my business, have you seen martin?" and walked away
What does that mean
he is angry when i talk to people about my (his) personal life
as if im supposed to deal with my issues all by myself
Well your asking me because I'm a friend
You can't deal with things yourself
it doesnt matter, he hates it
It's unhealthy
god now i have to live with this
He hates that I have a say in his fate. Well a perceived say. He doesn't get that your life is on you not me or any one else
no he thinks people control me
that i do whatever anyone says
So he things you're stupid
That's not helpful
i dont know what the fuck im doing or where i am in life right now
You're at a turning point of sorts
i hate this so much
so much
Yeah I know
i dont know if i should recover everything just to be in the same position again
or what
I think you should not have a relationship with anyone
You should just focus on having a social life
Right now intimacy seems like it would be unhelpful
thats what i want
but i would still have to live with chris of course
i just dont know
how to do this
or live like this
Figure it out. The point is your at a place where friends may be more important than relationships. Don't think you need to have someone for the sake of it you dont.
ive never been an adult without someone to lean on
this is scary
I know
"Hunter Armstead:  
firstly, i can tell my friends whatever the fuck i want.  theyre my friends.  you expect me to deal with myself by myself?  id be dead. 3:07 PM 
secondly, im fucking bored.  3:07 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
Do you have anywhere to go? 3:07 PM 
Because this isnt working.  3:07 PM 
They're YOUR friends. I understand you want friends that are exclusively yours, but keep my personal issues out of it.  3:08 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
your issues are my issues 3:08 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
If I have to sit in the living room and watch goddamn tv while you frantically type on your phone for hours one more night im going to kill myself. 
"
Yeah this isn't sounding like it's leading anywhere good
His pulling things out to spite you and just to argue
Hunter Armstead:  
BECAUSE MY ENTIRE LIVELYHOOD IS ON THE GOD DAMNED INTERNET ARE YOU RETARDED 3:10 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
YOU DONT HAVE TO BE ON THE INTERNET 24/7 3:10 PM 
Nobody works 24/7.  3:10 PM 
It's not healthy.,  3:10 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
people who drift along in life work when they need to 3:10 PM 
people who conquer life work when they can
Oh my god
No body works 24 7
TRY EVERYONE
I WORKED 40 HOURS THIS WEEK AND MY MOM WORKED 70
WHAT FANTASY LAND IS HE LIVING IN LOL
this was my biggest fear
this priority gap
He has NONE
It's so obvious now thay he's said that
Chris Kingery:  
I come to work, I go home, and on my days off I clean shit. 3:12 PM 
That's normal.  3:12 PM 
That's perfectly normal.  3:12 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
on occasion you clean shit.  parts of shit.   3:13 PM 
your girlfriend is working more than you and still works more at home  3:13 PM 
you dont notice it though  3:13 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
It's like I dont even have a girlfriend. 3:13 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
when i clean, you dont notice, because you dont even see that things are dirty in the first place
this may be last straw shit right here
"Hunter Armstead:  
you dont do things for me because you want to, not always.  you do things because you dont want to hear me bitch. 3:17 PM 
your schooling is amazing  3:17 PM 
im so so so happy that youre doing that  3:17 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
Hunter. If that was the reason, I wouldnt do anything at all. 3:17 PM 
Because it doesnt matter what I do.  3:17 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
you will change your life exponentially with school  3:17 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
I can't avoid it. 
"
what can't he avoid?
my bitching
is he saying that he only does things because you bitch
no
hes saying he does them because he wants to, because it doesnt matter either way id still be bitching
which is a lie
he does shit when i ask, a million times
f
i feel like sin incarnate.
now he''s like dancing around "kicking me out"
he wants me to not leave, i know it
but im not sure what i want
i really dont know
dude i think....i think trevor blocked me on fb?
i cant access it or send him messages =[
Wait what
Qait
try to go to his page please
Chris said something to him.
And if he's a nice guy..
What's his last name
no theres no way
trevor payne
I see a bunch of trevor payne that aren't him
really??
i mean
how do you know?
texted him, he said he's too angry to have his fb up right now
dont know why
i told trevor and now he thinks its his fault
jesus christ
i hate everything
Jw
Why did you tell him
because his gf just left and he's really upset about missing some skate thing
figured it would make him feel better i guess
Hm
Well hell get over it probably
i am so afraid
i dont know what to do
Of what specifically
where do i go?  do i go?  what if i fall flat on my face and cant make it?
what do i even say to this?
"Chris Kingery:  
The thought of you being emotionally involved with anyone else makes me want to die. 3:52 PM 
Not being dramatic.  
"
Don't reply
You aren't even so
I mean you know jumping I to something else right now may not be wise
jesus christ he's tearing me apart
i am not emotionally equipped to cope with this
Is chris working today
yes
So you have to see him regardless after work
yes i mean we live in the same house
I know
I was just thinking
You could take a break from this after work but it's gonna start as soon as you get in the car
It doesn't get to wait until you get home
he asked if i want to go to the car to talk
and im like, i cant, i wouldnt be able to come back into work
Jesus
i feel like 3 years of my life is going down the drain
Maybe depends on how you look at it
i cant do this
i cannot leave him
i would be too guilty
That's your call. But dont do EVERYTHING based on guilt.
i think we're done
Explain
i told him basically the only way i could still do it would be if i had near complete freedom.
and he went a puked
and
so now im double guilty
feeling, at least
Don't feel guilty
Yeah
Try not to
Things just happeb
Not because you caused them
i had to give in
i cant do it
"Chris Kingery:  
then you can run around, get intimate with as many people as you want 4:38 PM 
as often as youd like  4:38 PM 
then you can come home, and be all by yourself.  4:38 PM 
But remember what was important whenever you get there and theres nobody there to make you dinner, ask you how your day was, and rub your back as you fall asleep. 
"
im done, i give up
he wins
He has literally guilted you into staying. How long can he be happy keeping you there on a figurative leash
i dont know but im not happy
i dont even care anymore
fuck it
He does win. If you are not strong enough to fight back he has literally won by emotionally manipulating you by describing instances where you are a "less than perfect" partner
Wtf dude
well then thats what happened
NOT OKAY
but ive spent all day at work crying
Never okay for him to do that
josh suggests i just do what i want and lie to chris
because i tried to get out and be honest
he didnt want my honesty
Nope.
That's skewed logix
Logic
You know it will bite you in the ass
In SOME way
Josh is ridiculous lol
i dont think anything could be worse than this right now
Not work it.
This won't last long
if he caught me red handed banging some dude
Honestly
i would not care, compared to this
I yelled at chris and he said that I am not understanding the situation. Maybe I shouldn't have but still I think I do?
he sent it to me
i donnt know what to do with my life
i have no where to go anyways
I wish you weren't stuck
i do too
What am I not understanding though?
"Chris Kingery:  
no, I lose. 5:34 PM 
I always lose, and I've lost today.  5:34 PM 
you win, you get to go do whatever you want  5:34 PM 
You've gained "freedom", I've lost my companion.   5:35 PM 
I'll be back I guess. 
"
he thinks i just want to go fuck every body
like
let me be honest with you
chris is balding, he has scoliosis, he doesnt take care of his body.
i try and try to help him but he wont listen
so what if i want to do something, maybe sexual, with someone who takes care of themselves
I.e. you aren't attracted to him which is kind of caused by his lack of care
Not your fault. That happens
i feel so guilty for it
I know
It makes sense that you do
But try and not feel guilty for your own emotions
They are yours and no one's to judge
thats what im trying to explain to him
i have accomplished nothing today
Ugh
nan
I have not met a kinder person hahaha
That's understanding
Going with Chris to help Trevor find a car tomorrow.  We came to a sort of agreement. He can't read my shit, and I don't have to ask permission to go somewhere and I can ask him to stay here if I want.
Because he just suffocates me
Be nice to him though, he's like a baby.
Wait so help me understand the agreement lol
He's giving permission for you to have personal space is what I'm taking haha
Basically an open relationship with no sex I guess. I don't know how this is going to work but I have to make it work.  I took back all of my private space, yes.
No he was going to do the open relationship and maybe kill himself and I was like nope not doing this hahahaha
That's not an open relationship. It's just you feel suffocated and are getting space. He needs his own space too. This has to be a two way street. Obviously don't be secretive, but you can have your "own business"
I don't want to check on his shit at all. Whatever makes him happy he can go for it. I trust him anyways.
Right.
Josh has been coming into me sort of hahaha
(Not a sarcastic right)
He's a vulture
Re word that
And how is he a vulture haha
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Oh my god that's hilarious
He's waiting for me to leave Chris.  Vulture.
He was picking the meat from your crumbling situation.
With his dirty beak
HE BOUGHT A FIAT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Josh did
Like the commercial where Godzilla eats it
Go tell him that on his fiat status hahaha
He's having a mid life crisis
Its a convertible
Don't see the status
Maybe he is just taking a break from Facebook because his hereditary arthritis is flaring up in his hands
*no posts*
Did he block photos from you
Hahahahahaha
I see a wall post about a gop debate from friday
No new photos when I go through his albums
Hahahahahahaha you must have pissed him off
That's hilarious
In what way? Lol
You trolled his photos! HAHA
OH
I DID...
Hahaha
I told you that you were starting a war hahahaha
http://youtu.be/QKpzU2GSVC0
my car is eating 30 dollars of gas every 3 days. i dont think i can afford to go see a movie =/
okay so can you read into one last thing for me please?
there was a very interesting discussion between trevor and chris this morning on FB
What was it
one second
yo
Hunter brought it to my attention that I was a dick to you at some point yesterday. If so, I apologize. I think you're cool, I'm just a very jealous person and it's hard to gauge what someone's intentions are. I'm sure you understand that.

I... well she mention she thought you had been a dick. I was still teying to figure out what ahe meant
Haha good
I wasnt trying to be one

I had a blast.
She's just over compensating because I think she has a little crush on you.
But that's okay.
You seem to have morals.

Shes deff a heart all in type girl huh.

She be ok

I didnt put that together either though ty.
She's a reckless decision maker sometimes.
I mean I'm not telling you that to make it awkward.
I'm just very aware of it and that's why I may be on edge sometimes.

Yeah I did gather that. I dont think you are. You would know. Ill keep it in mins ty chris.

Mind*
Thanks for being cool about it. I'd like to trust you of course.
Is that something I can do?

I would assume you do with these type texts!

And you followes your nose well friend
Forgive me for not understanding what you mean by that.

You must trust me to have this convo that is a healthy move bro

Im not a wifey snatcher
I appreciate you saying that. I've gotta give you a heads up though. The reason I was hating on Martin so hard yesterday, is that he watches all of hunter's conversations and blabs about it.
So now my entire department heard that "Chris' girlfriend is fucking around on him with some guy in sales."

Well I can tell you man that isnt true and wouldnt happen. Im mad at sex my wifey just left me after two years with no car and her puppy and all the bills...

Let them talk?! Whats it matter
Yeah I heard about the situation with your girl. They can be cold, man.

Plus hunter isnt my type and already possibly forever wifey for you
The only reason it would matter to me, is because im very proud of hunter. I don't want the entire call center to think she's a whore. Not a good look.
Either way, I think you're a solid dude and I don't mind you guys hanging out. I wouldnt try to control that. She really doesnt have much to do when I'm at work, so I appreciate her having someone to chill with.
Oh, and thanks for being so nice to her. She told me about how considerate you were of her caffeine sensitivity.

Well if martin has the power to actually convey that fuck people are atupid! It should be cruahed soon cause people who know me wont buy that and we will all be around each other there
Yeah im sure it'll fade pretty quickly
I don't even know who is who
Did chris say you were not his type
let me revise it i guess
fuck
yo

Hunter brought it to my attention that I was a dick to you at some point yesterday. If so, I apologize. I think you're cool, I'm just a very jealous person and it's hard to gauge what someone's intentions are. I'm sure you understand that.

I... well she mention she thought you had been a dick. I was still teying to figure out what ahe meant

Haha good
I wasnt trying to be one

I had a blast.

She's just over compensating because I think she has a little crush on you.
But that's okay.
You seem to have morals.

Shes deff a heart all in type girl huh.
She be ok
I didnt put that together either though ty.

She's a reckless decision maker sometimes.
I mean I'm not telling you that to make it awkward.
I'm just very aware of it and that's why I may be on edge sometimes.

Yeah I did gather that. I dont think you are. You would know. Ill keep it in mins ty chris.
Mind*

Thanks for being cool about it. I'd like to trust you of course.
Is that something I can do?

I would assume you do with these type texts!
And you followes your nose well friend

Forgive me for not understanding what you mean by that.

You must trust me to have this convo that is a healthy move bro
Im not a wifey snatcher

I appreciate you saying that. I've gotta give you a heads up though. The reason I was hating on Martin so hard yesterday, is that he watches all of hunter's conversations and blabs about it.
So now my entire department heard that "Chris' girlfriend is fucking around on him with some guy in sales."

Well I can tell you man that isnt true and wouldnt happen. Im mad at sex my wifey just left me after two years with no car and her puppy and all the bills...
Let them talk! Whats it matter

Yeah I heard about the situation with your girl. They can be cold, man.

Plus hunter isnt my type and already possibly forever wifey for you

The only reason it would matter to me, is because im very proud of hunter. I don't want the entire call center to think she's a whore. Not a good look.
Either way, I think you're a solid dude and I don't mind you guys hanging out. I wouldnt try to control that. She really doesnt have much to do when I'm at work, so I appreciate her having someone to chill with.
Oh, and thanks for being so nice to her. She told me about how considerate you were of her caffeine sensitivity.

Well if martin has the power to actually convey that fuck people are atupid! It should be cruahed soon cause people who know me wont buy that and we will all be around each other there

Yeah im sure it'll fade pretty quickly
there, it starts with chris
i separated the quotes back and forth
Sounds like he just wanted to force trevor to say you weren't his type for personal gratification. I will disagree with trevor and say this is NOT a healthy conversation
...really?
It was so awkward to read dude
Also
Look at all of the microagressions
He wasn't just making amends with trevor
He was expressing his anger with you
Loudly
Almost like "watch out for her she's insane"
yea that sort of hurt my feelings
because i mean
he made me seem sort of just unreliable and crazy
I know
Like to what
Scare him from friendship
well i dont think thats the case
only because
trevor is so "cool"
i mean
it is very clear from last night
that chris is not going to "scare him off"
because i mean, when chris threw a little bit of shade at him, trevor threw it right back
like
it was uncomfortable
now tell me your full trevor analysis from yesterday pls
because that's partially why you were there, also because it was a lot of fun and i knew you'd ;like him
and vise versa
i hope youre not having to work right now because im concerned about this a little
but i understand, we can talk about it later if youre up to it
I can talk for a minute
Well
I want to say first
That thay whple trevor vs chris thing yesterday
That seems like trevor standing his ground. Like..."you can't control who I'm friends with. " 
You talked about chris doing thay yesterday and it probably bugged him
So he stood up for your friendship
Also
Here's why I like trevor
He's the opposite of me. Grounded. Peaceful. Nice. Welcoming. Laid back personality. Not quick to react. Knows exactly what he wants without obsessing over it. Is very trusting it seems. Incredibly non judgmental. Overall stable. Open to new experiences more than I would be. He seems completely free of anxiety and inhibition. He seems totally fine even though he had a horrible break up. He is "thankful" even when he has a lot to complain about.
I find this fascinating
Also
These are all of the things I see, and I don't understand HOW he is that way, but i want him to be my friend and I'm afraid he thinks I'm crazy now
Even if he does
I don't think he cares
I just
He ignores me sometimes
like, more often than naught
sometime she doesnt and hes like yea lets hang out
and then yesterday i offered him a ride to work and to smoke one day (didnt specify a day) and he just didnt respond
i messaged him aboutt he martin thing and asked him to ignore it, just to see if he would respond to me
nothing
also while he was at the house
he sort of suggested that chris wasnt taking proper care of animals?  like, verrry slightly
"doesnt she need some water?"
"does she wanta  salad?"
he DEEP CLEANED hitler's shitty tank
i think he was trying to maybe show him up?
The best thing you can do for a new friendship is keep it very surface
Just in the begining
Share common interests
That kinds stuff
i know im really trying my hardest but chris kind of shoved me in the deep end
now i feel almost like im trying to compensate for what he has said about me
i cant win
I think trevor ..Like I said.. is very nonjudgmental
Don't do that
That will make you look crazy if you're avoiding that
Just pretend you aren't a part of that
yea true
ill just make it seem like i think chris is crazy and im just not going tp push or address the issue
and just be normal, if i can
You haven't known him for long so it's hard to say anything honestly. But I've gotta get ready for work. I'll talk to you once I get there. It's gonna be slow lol
okay lol catchya latahh
i need to speak with a BPD counselor asap
Workin on it
I'll help
okay because i need something
good things are happening i think
?
chris trevor and i are all very cool
ive been helping trev out
chris is totally fine with it and so is trevor, neither are being weird
Great
trevor is taking Pretzel, the sand boa because we cant get him to eat.  and i helped him go get organic food pantry stuff lol.  he's much worse off than i thought but he deserves some help.  theyre fucking him at work too.  politics, like usual.
What happened to him at work
he has been using sick days, and he came in today and they changed his schedule without telling him, and they told him to leave.  then he had to go get food pantry food, but didnt have time to do that and catch a bus back to his house, so i helped him get some food and get back home
dude...josh on my status
you would enjoy his raging jealousy right now
and since he blocked you, you can call him on it lol
I am sorry for what I have just done and what it will do
im sorry but dont apologize because im laughing so hard
josh's jealousy is getting out of hand dude
I was hoping you would. *friends*
he's started to lash out at me when i dont pay attention to him
Is it???
God damn haha
He doesn't want you to have friends either
I WANT YOU TO HAVE THEM
dude i told him that trev said that he's talked to josh before
and he was like
What is everyone's deal hahahaha
HE IS A LIAR I HAVE NEVER SPOKEN TO HIM
and then i said he skates to work
and he said
THATS IMPOSSIBLE
Does defy a law of science
right? i mean, physical fitness is not in josh's science
Newtons third law of skate
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Thought shall not skate to work
HAHAHAHAHAHA
It's in papers
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
papers
you know what's funny
is trevor doesnt really know josh
but complimented him to me today about looking like a healthy vegan
and i wanted to say, he hates you
but i didnt, no reason to stir stuff
Good choice
he told me about the convo chris had with him
he left out everything about me having a crush on him
bro move, makes it un awkward
Hahah
oh god dude
no more comments
jesus
hahahahahaha
Sorry
no its okay but
thats so funny
Was making josh jealous with inside humor
the best part about being friends with trevor is that he DOES NOT CARE
You're never like
"Walking on eggshells"
exactly
i can say what i want
That's righteous *nemo*
righteous nemo
sounds like a band he would listen to
The turtles from nemo
RIGHTEOUS
yea trevor the turtle
except
hes not like that
Lololol
my favorite thing about him is when you said, i dont agree with that
and he was like, thats fine
hahaha
NORMAL PEOPLE
I then said "let's agree to disagree"
And all was well
Hahaha
Like
SO NORMAL
Not argumentative
Josh would have tried to rip me a "new 1"
im just so happy to have avoided something terrible
and now i have such a great friend
for behaving myself
What do you mean for behaving yourself haha
well i didnt go on the prowl
which i do
i didnt try to manipulate him
i thought about it
but i didnt
Good job
and chris and i are doing much better
he fiunally saw the light
hes been driving while im in the car some
I'm so glad to hear that
But I seriously hope it lasts
so do i man, i really really do haha
josh is just trying to tear it apart
like, i told him how chris and i were on the same page and improving
and he was like, WAIT AND SEE
He's a shrimp boat
DONT ASSUME
a shrimp boat.  he's a bottom feeder.
Hahahahahaha
seriously man
we have lunch on sunday
i bet you he will spend the whole time asking me if im happy
also he now sends me a google invite to confirm our lunches
like, theyre a date
he is fun to mess with.  im mean for it but hes a total asshole
i just straight up asked him whats with all the negativity
because hes being unnecessarily rude
He's so insecure
He wanted you to just be there if he ever "decided"
Jesus haha
yes thats what i was for
for if he ever decided to "take pity on me"
and "give me a chance"
if he ever tried to make a move i would laugh at him
He thought he had the upper hand
I never got that
he lost every bit of control the moment i moved onto trevor
i found a friend that accepts me for who i am
and helps me
i help him
josh refuses to visit our house
hes a shit friend
and now josh is mad that i found someone better to fill the position
HAHA
he is
now he realizes what he's done
or maybe not
i think he realizes what i have done
to be honest
hahahaha
i think he's embarrassed
because he got got
got GOT GOT
got
yes he went and got himself got
got gotten
i basically told him yesterday my entire plan with him
but
what?
he was too stupid to realize it i think
i referenced him to the song "artificial sweetener" by no doubt
what do you mean your plan
well not a lpan
but rather
what i did to him
what did you do to him
I'm lost
i was super sweet to him to make him dependent on me
now he needs me
and cannot leave me alone
and i can choose when to talk to him
i really did intend on having a great friendship with him
but he has too many off putting qualities
he wouldnt come to my house
that pissed me off
I mean the way you're describing it is a little dramatic, but basically yeah after you realized how shitty of a friend he was you put him at a distance and dangled him there
which he deserved
yes of course.  someone who is going to be rude to me is not going to get all of my attention and are
care
thats self destructive
im learning how to handle this
now
through josh
josh has helped me figure out stuff about myself
ill give him that
I mean
yeah haha
i still have this issue though
of hanging out with trevor
what is that?
i get super nervous and sick
every time
cant eat
the food just gets stuck
that will pass most likely
and wont digest
i know it will but for now it sucks a lot
im cooking dinner and he's joining us tonight, and cleaning geckos
and i dont know if ill be able to eat
oh god this conversation with josh.  friendship almost terminated hahaha
are you going to write that in your memoirs.
AT DINNER WITH TREVOR, I WAS LEFT WANTING. NOTHING COULD SATIATE MY NERVOUS PALLET
SEND ME PART OF IT
OMG
HAHAHAHA
and okay ill sent what he has said so far
me:  are you upset with me or something? i dont understand all of this negativity
 Sent at 4:22 PM on Wednesday
 lordmacbayne:  What?
 Sent at 4:33 PM on Wednesday
 me:  the status thing, you dont have to be mean to me if you dont agree with my interests
i foud that to be rude
 lordmacbayne:  Ok
 me:  Is an apology above you?
here is the last line he sent me
" lordmacbayne:  I'm sorry you have a problem with my comment"
i want to tell him it's no wonder he can get laid
he sounds like siri from an iphone
what the hell is wrong with him
okay
okay
Okay, hunter
I'm sorry you have a problem with my comment
HAHAHAHA
did you say "apple bee's near me"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i told him hes an asshole and rude
HE IS
SCIENCE# bible
watch him destroy his relationship with me
watch it happen
and then he will cry
silently
he will on principle
at night
which is pathetic
with his rubber toys
and drake, the cross dresser he met online who is trying to get a job as an escort
WHAT
yet sadly, no one wants him but josh
hahahahahahahahahaha
I love constructing stories that are false
i mean lying
JOSH LIKES DRAG QUEENS
that is not a lie
jesus
no
it is not
hahahahaha
he can suck one dry
OH NO
but i bet he cant actually
OHHHHH NO
OHHHH NOOOOOO
trannies probably find him too needy
NONONO
OHHH NOOO
OH DEAR ME
DONT SAY THAT
im so sorry i didnt know your *ears* were so sensitive
hahahahahahaha
I HAVE SENSI-EARS
DO YOU EVEN KNOW ME ANYMORE DAD#
I'M GOING OUT TO VAPE WITH RICK
HAHA SENSI-EARS
RICK
FUCKING RICK
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i miss having these conversations where we secretly dis josh and i say outrageous things
well you publicly dissed him haha
SO THATS NEW
matt is naming cow breeds
did i diss him?
hahahaha
holstein cow
HAHAHAHAHA COW BREEDS
red angus cow
black angus cow
cowcowcow
oh so since trevor is so poor
which i love about him, i love helping people
it's my favorite
im going to give him a shit ton of oragnic free range deer meat
he was so excited about it
he said "AND BONES FOR THE DOGS?"
people who are nice and grateful
should inherit the earth
i told him chris and i want to go hike the state forest
and he was like, i would love to go!  we should bring a blanket and a couple of the dogs
this guy is a solid person
i stand by my previous statement...
he is what nick eplin wants to be but can't be
all cars eat gas
all cows eat grass
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YES
POST THAT
PLEASE
I added an extra one
HAHAHAHA
WHAT
no sense
none
all good boys deseve fudge
HAHAHA
jeebus
school
my mom said "maria switch from college prep to general studies because you keep failing spanish" like THREE times and maria goes "I AM ALREADY IN SOCIAL STUDIES THOUGH OMG" each time
MY LIFE
HAHAHAHAHA
dude
final josh response
" lordmacbayne:  I'm done with this conversation.
If you want to talk again, let me know.
 Sent at 4:45 PM on Wednesday
 me:  yea i definitely will haha
 "
I wish I could still cyber bully him
did he tell you he blocked me
no he didnt
hahahaha
he didnt want to upset me, im sure
yeah My access to his posts is still limited
i bet in a few days he will apologize
hahaha
before lunch, he will
BEFORE LUNCH
lunch on sunday
b'r'lunch
holy
that was my first plain text post since january
haha
yea you never post
EVER
dude i need to leave haha
i need to get out of this office
i swear
I SWEAR IM GONNA TAKE YOU OUT *r kelley trapped in the closet voice, holding beretta*
because they replayed those so much on fuse
i only saw one of the videos
but about 30 times
dude
I've seen all of them except that new ones
i never understood the story
I marathon watched it once
THERE IS NO STORY
it's like
a soap opera
with a million characters
hahahahaha
all with r kelleys voice
dude tell me
even the women
do you like REM?
Honestly kind of
They used to play a lot of rem on 94.5
have you heard "man on the moon"?
because if not, go listen nao
Yes and I'm already shuffling REM on a youtube playlist
haha
no way
*two minds as one*
"How to transport a patient who is not willing to move"
*I'm dragged across the gym by two gigantic sweaty dudes, each being at least 6 inches taller than me* 
"You're supposed to struggle"
"I am"
This is my day
Help
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I learned karate moves dude
I feel like Dwight without beets and yellow
HAHA
wear beets and eat yellow
*grow yelow
That's not even a good typo
Inexcusable
i know
hahaha
but let me fill you in
Okay
Mountains
trevor called me at 8 this morning.  one of his dogs got off her leash and got hit by a car, probably broken bones, she's in his garage right now and he's at work like 10 feet from me and we're trying to help him save and keep this dog
Dude kill it
It's IN SOO MUCH pain
no i mean
probably just a broken shoulder
dude those dogs are his babies
he will do whatever he thinks is best
right now we havent had time to assess
because it just happened before work
A dog with broken bones is serious business
If it does heal on trevor watch he may have a painful deformity
we found a loop hole
ill tell you ina  bit
Okay cool beans
Well we had a loop hole but I guess Dunbar animal hospital is taking pity and going to treat her
That's fantastic
i cannot be happy
i dont know why
i know you already know this
but im at the end of my rope
What's goin on
i cant be happy
thats my problem
i cannot allow myself to be happy
i also feel like i have no inner self
i feel like im comprised only of what other people think of me
and if im not being of use to someone i look up to
i might as well shoot myself
im useless
im so depressed
also i think trevor likes chris more than me
so there goes that
i just hate myself
wait what
what was that last thing
trevor doesn't like chris mroe than you
He may like him, which is more than he felt before, so it may look like he momentarily likes him more
now that chris likes trevor
i will never get to spend time with trevor without chris
and when trevor and chris are together
its like im not there
You can still hang with trevor without chris
you have control over tha5t
you have no obligation
no i dont even have that any more michael
i went to see trevor the other morning and he was all like, oh i thought chris was going to be with you does he know youre here?
everything is ruined
Dude that sounds like him worrying about his effect on your relationship
read it at the surface
he's a very upfront, surface kind of guy
there's nothing "to" that
he's just worried that he's interfering or making things hard because he's a good friend
he seems like he's trying to push me away from him and towards chris which is very annoying.  i can control my own relationships.  he's always mentioning marriage and babies in conjunction with me and chris
like he's afraid of me and just wants me to leave him alone
I think he's overwhelmed. In the infancy of your friendship he was pulled into some sort of situation. I suggest talking to him about it in a non-aggressive way
letting him know
i dont even know if he would be comfortable talking about anything deeper than smoking weed and animals
you can handle it
you have a point
theres nothing i could say that wouldnt make me sound crazy
And if he's your friend he won't care
I mean I dno't htink he'll care anyway
the idea of this
was to have a friend separate from chris, so you could feel independent in some way
I get that
It's just when you live with someone, that's hard to do sometimes
i know i hate it
its just suffocating
I know.
i mean i love chris and i need to live with him
it's good for me
but im going insane
I know you are.
like breaking point insane
i dont know if klonopins work anymore
I know why
because you aren't experiencing anxiety
you seem to be having trouble naming the feelings you're experiencing
just general intensity is what it seems like
intense feelings about this situation
negative intense feelings
depression is pretty heavy.  unhappiness.
well klonopin is not going to help depression. Unhappiness is different. It can't be fixed with a pill. That is an external problem
you CAN fix unhappiness
It's very difficult
the things that seem to make me happy, or i think they will make me happy, are things i cannot do or have
i havent been able to eat for about a week now if not longer
ive been surviving on what i can force myself to eat
like bread
Then your expectations of what life is are unrealistic. Kind of like your expectations of relationships. You need to shrink your ideas.
i have to choke it down
you do sound very depressed
i mean im crying at work.  thank god for cubicles
i dont know who i am
i want to be able to live life literally to the fullest
i want to experience everything
but i cant
The time frames for happiness maybe aren't realistic
Experiencing everything doesn't happen all at once
its not that i need to experience everything right now
what is it you need
its that i need to experience SOMETHING
like right now
what do you feel you need
to leave work and take trevor to get his dog help
i think he may actually need me to do that
i hope he does
Then try and keep your thoughts from racing. Focus on the fact that you're going to be able to hangout with trevor and help his  dog.
You can't now.
But you will.
your head is just out of control with racing thoughts. Just negative ones
just try and take a mental deep breathe
okay i have to go help him and his dog
so wish me luck
Good luck
done
dog was bruised up
nothing else lol
Haha what
the dog got hit by a car and was just bruised
hahahaha
it was fun getting away from my desk though
you know what is a good feeling?  waking up to see that someone had a crisis and you were the first person they thought of to ask for help
that made me feel really good
he called me at like 8 AM,
You are like an emt for skateboarders
And dogs
dude have you added him on FB?  you have to see what he just posted about us giving him food and me taking him to the vet...it's like he has never had people care about him before
I will later haha
this weird type of super friend bond is forming.  obviously nothing close to our super friend status but this dude genuinely appreciates all of our help and no one ever does, no one ever says thank you to us and especially no one tells others how nice we are
i think im about to quit my job and start cleaning houses or something similar
i cant be here around these people.  they find my suffering hilarious.  especially martin.
No.
I can't talk now, but don't do that.
Or seriously consider what I'm saying
im not crazy, im not just going to quit right now
Okay
Just take time to think
BACK TO TEENS BYE
I have tomorrow off hang out
I have to work for Memorial Day lol
f u
hey this is barb from charlstn, SC n i just bot like ten luke bryan tix for me n my girls and have NOT (and yeah ive been waiting) recieved them and the concert is tonight. happiest veterins day evar as hole
HAHAHAHAHA
did you make that up?
i cant te;ll
yes. I am that good at being an idiot.
lolol
dude yesterday we took trevor hiking to the farm
that dude is like
OBSESSED with plants
HAHA
no way
and i believe we are now his best friends
he was like
LOOK AT ALL THE BLACKBERRY BUSHES
YOU GUYS NEED TO BRING ME BACK, ILL LET YOU KNOW WHEN THEYRE IN BLOOM
hahahahaha
he took a fern
out of the ground, by the roots
to plant in his yard
that's so interesting yet so strange that he would do that
haha
dude he is THE strangest
he likes to show us youtube videos
hes a freak about organic stuff
a FREAK about it
but he will still eat fast food
because hes poor
and humble
and agreeable
I have never met someone so different me that is so easy to get along with lol
I KNOW DUDE HES THE BEST
lhe sits nehind me at work
also
he got a car loan, his learners, his license, and a new car picked out
in one day
one morning before he hung out with me
he just HAD all of that
oh my gosh haha
i swear
AND
where he was smoking our weed while he had none
he got paid, bought his own awesome stuff, and has been smoking with us for two days
HE IS LIKE JESUS
that's awesome
I hate that I can't smoke weed. I am literally angry about it lol
that does really suck =/
I smoked and i was fine, and then about ten minutes later i was like OH GOD THE PANIC ATTACK SHAKES HERE IT GO *GOD DAMN IT*
you got shakes? lololol im sorry
I like was shaking VIOLENTLY for a while, I thought I was going to have a seizure before i realized that having a panic attack was making me think that haha
I stopped shaking but i still felt like i was
and i was like
AM I SHAKING
NO MICHAEL
HOW BOUT NOW
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
im so sorry
you should have taken a PILL for it
*medicate yoself*
I took an ativan. I chilled out when I got home. The funny thing is, i started shaking again at work the next morning and was like JESUS FUCKING GOD and it turns out I had a fever lolololololo
im dying
so did you have a fever the whole time?
hahahaha
See
I was cold the whole night
but no chills until i smoked
I am still stuck about how it a ffected
me
like
It's really possible that I did have a fever
i think you keep smoking at the worst possible times
same chills
I WAS
I was angry, and drunk.
well buzzed
HAHAHA
dude
you should smoke with me and trevor
and i bet
you will be fine and enjoy it
I mean here's the thing, I was high before and after the shaking thing
and I don't know how I feel about it
like
I was overly talkative
heres how it went with me
i would already have a small ailment
like, ow i bumped my arm earlier
but when i got high and THOUGHT i was getting sick
that bump started hurting a lot, swelling, i thought i had a blood clot
turns out, i was just freaking out
and my mind made it worse
but nthing happened hahaha
haha
SO
it i was shivering a bit and worried that i was sick
it got worse
you probably were actually sick
i was sick last week dude
i was shivering and stuff
I had a fever yesterday and had to take a bunch of ibuprofen
matt has been sick
yep
see
youre debunking it yourself
Once I realized I was panicking it was smooth sailing though. Don't you hate when you have a panic attack and the mental part subsides, but you can't stop the physical part
yes
all of the time
SO AWFUL
like the feeling that your insides are vibrating and your heart
i haven't had one
yep
in SO LONG
i dont think you understand but
It is so awful
i feel my heartbeat all day every day, i pay attention to it
moving in my chest
int he myocardial sack
and it scares
me
its in there, beating around
shaking
pumping
that's some high level paranoia
haha
yes it is
so i understand
also
go enter my business page contest for matt
or something
haha
ok haha
dude
he and i switched rooms
his reptiles were going to die
the distress of the temp up there is too much
see thats good because now you can monitor it
no no
all of them are in my old room
ohhhhh
even better
like we totally switched rooms
HAHA
bad wording
yeah
dude ill have more gecko babies in like 4 days
i cant contain myself
the old new ones are eating now
and growing
gahhhhhhhhh
I want to hang out this week. I don't work much. I think I've given chris's awkwardness with me time to fizzle
they are
#growing & #being
yea he's fine with you lol
hahaha
yea we do need to hang out
SOON
I figured
YEAH
i work today until sunday though haha
one day this week after work
tonight is grocery night
yeah
I worked a 16 hour shift yesterday. This kid held my hand and told me he loved me. Later, I watched him get a shot in his butt because he was jumping from a shelf on to his roommate.
#highland stories#
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
im sure i look insane
i just lost it
He wouldn't take a fucking benadril
we had to INJECT him
WITH BENADRIL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
then he goes
dude im jealous of your job
you got a 16 hour day
christ
thats so awesome
and weekend + evening differential pay. which is awsome
but this kid goes
STICK THE NEEDLE BACK IN
SUCK IT OUT
AND MAKE IT INTO A PILL
AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I SAID I WANTED THE PILL
thats fucking
ridiculous
and amazing
I truly enjoy it so much
haha
they told me i looked like a power ranger
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YES
THIS IS THE BEST THING
YOU HAVE THIS JOB
WITH JUST
INFINITE NONSENSE
and made these power ranger bracelet things
and became power rangers
I caused this
hahahahaa
*becomes*
did I tell you when they found hair gel
and just like
all had spikey hair
every last one of them
hahahahaa
douche chills all through the hospital
im losing it dud
dude
hahaha
im sure trevor is just watching me like, what the hell
there is also
shes at a desk
hahaha
a kid on the tweet ward
with
TWEET WARD
HAHAHAHAHAHA
tween
lmfao
who has severe mental deficits and there has to be 2 people with him at all times
and like
he loves to touch my hair
so much
HAHAHAHA
and chads
but chad gets SO PISSED
*perfectly groomed hair*
One more story
I had to do a search of a new admit
HAHAHAHAHA
TELL ME ALL
and you make them strip to the underwear and check for bruises and stuff
the dude just had jeans on
no underpants
WHY
he was like I JUST HAVE JEANS NOW
I HAVE JEANS NOW
HAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHA
you made trevor have to say something
hahahahahaha
"do some work!"
*jeans rip*
*wings sprout*
*discounts at walgreens*
*jean jacket rips*
*wings emerge*
*bon jovi plays*
*we're halfway there*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
*extra legs grow*
*tits*
*blood cancer*
*i am god*
hahaha
dude office antics
trevor keeps stealing martins chair
and martin wrot eon it
THAT THIS IS MARTINS CHAIR
DO NOT REMOVE
put martin in jello
HAHAHA
martin is jello
mello
KLAUS
WOAAAHHH-OHH, LIVIN ON  A PRAYER
KLAUS NO
LAUS
HAHAHAHA
KLAUD
YOU HAVE PATCHES IN YOUR #CLUBBED FINGERS
ewww nasty
WHAT ARE YOU
penis enlargment surgery is gross
you should watch the vice video on it
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHha
they stick a plastic toy witha  pump
into your penis
i know
the pump is your third testicle
and the thing
HAHAHAHAHA
is in the scrotum
yeah
and you squeeze it
you're a machine
hahahaha
exactly
chris was like, i want that really bad (doesnt need it, idiot)
and i said
thats a machine
you cant have that inside of you
no one needs that
thats a machine
it's awful
HAHAHAHAHA
IT IS
and then it doesnt really deflate
so your penis is always like
RIGHT
sticking out
I KNOW
fuilled with plastic
hahahahahaah
the issue is
less than like 5% of men have a penis small enough to cause them social stress
and I'm betting
they aren't the ones with a plastic penis pump
#PPP
HAHHAHAHA
It's likely
#VCD's with #PPP's
omg
thats a thing
i know it is
I KNOW IT IS
they do use those things for people who have the medical inability to maintian an erection
there is SOME merit
but it's a god damn machine
and THERE ARE NOT
VAPING CHRISTIAN DADS
there are not
yes exactly
hey i have to take trevor to get food or something
i dont know ever whats happening
have you friended him on FB?
read his fucking statuses
and laugh
"THERES OWLS ON OAKRIDGE TONIGHT"
is a comment
on his own status
along with like 5 other of his own comments
that we cannot translate
we have to ask him sometimes, to explain
but we're picking up on it
just did it
oh my god
what the fuck is HEMP HOUSE
haha
hahahahaha
he loves weed dude
no shit
i cant really tell you why but he has some medical issues
that i was surprised about
besides he has been stabbed in the face and the hand
hahahahaha
I wasn't going to ask why, but I acknowledge your confidentiality
IN THE FACE
WHY
okay fine
but shhhhh
i cant believe he told us this
it's not like Im gon tell
dude PROBABLY has testicular cancer.  they found it and then he wouldnt let them do tests.  but he thinks thats what it is
for years
IDIOT
and the weed has helped
a lot
NO
IDIOT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THE CANCER INDUSTRY
MAN
weed doesn't help cancer
MAAAAN
it relieves pain
like nerve pain
it does though
neuropathy
no its
its like
that kind of thing
its a nerve cancer
doesn't slow cancer growth
its a nerve cancer in his area
from being born with
twisted testicles
they had to fix them, it got infected, now he has some sort of thing with his nervous system
I DONT KNOW
IM GATHERING LITTLE INFORMATION
you cant ask details
aboutt hat
hahahahaha
god he's an idiot dude
The cancer industry
dude he's not an idiot
there is SOME truth to that
no he is
no one with half a brain
AGREE TO DISAGREE
would refuse CANCER TESTS
BECAUSE OF CONSPIRACY
IDIOT
HAHAHAHA
if he dies he has it coming.
i mean
he knows
like
jesus christ
dude
HE NEEDS HELP
HAHA
he has ball issues
just feel bad for him
and move on
hahahahahahahaha
who left him as a kid? mommy or daddy? someone touch him?
He obviously doesn't trust anyone.
his parents are both entrepeneurs and rich
but they never gave him any help
and when they did, they did it to destroy him
trevor owned a skate park
his mom was the CEO
she ran it into the ground
he has the same mom issues i do
only worse obviously
yes
because if someone said you may have cancer, you would be like holy shit let me know, not "the industry man, fuck it it's a money making ploy"
I can agree to disagree on a lot of things
but that's literally insane lol
no thats not why he did it
he did it because he believes in natural medicine
Okay why does he say that he did it.
he doesnt take pills really
I can't be around him.
I don't have the tolerance
youre being a real josh right now
Because this guy is an actual moron, and it's insulting to me that he thinks natural medicine is a thing
I thought he was just different
which is fine
but he's out of his mind stupid
i think natural medicine is a thing dude.  it is.  thats where medicine came from.  planmts.
And it developed into pharmacotherapies that can target specific DNA defects.
But not, let's fucking use plants
Nautral medicine is good
in CONJUNCTION with ....
REAL meidicine
I'm not disputing natural medicine
it's just ridiculous to think that fixes health problems
he doesnt think it's going to be fixed
he is depressed
and has excepted his condition
and likes to smoke weed
an d thinks
MAYBE that will effect it
might as well
well that's just sad, not stupid.
is he clearly sad?
or just like little hints of it
hints.  he has deep parent issues just like i do but he is a positive person
so every once in awhile
he'll say something unfortunate
like, he got stabbed in the face
but not seem bothered by it
just seem numb
and then after that, no more sadness
yeah i can see that
That's a sad story.
it is
I'm gonna guess that his parent and childhood issues go deeper than he has shared.
He may or may not share them
he lives in the house he grew up in, but without his parents, and the house is in shambles because he's too depressed to keep it up
that in itself screams abandonment
he talks about when the parts of the house were built, what years, what his dad did, etc
yes
ive been saying for days
i mean
the tell tale sign is the dogs
withuot a doubt
abandonement issues
TOTALLY
he would do anything for those dogs
not saying I don't love my animals
but he has an unconditional love for them.
before I call someone an idiot again make sure you include the fact that they're really depressed and have deep seeded issues
haha
well he rescued them, and he needs rid of two of them, he wont leave them at the pound, but withut his GF he cannot take care of all 4 of them and theyre wearing on him.  im seeing it happen.  he's exhausted.  dude, chris and i helped him walk those dogs and it was a MESS with 3 people
they are LARGE
theyre crazy
the one, i had to take to the vet
shes nuts
people keep saying theyre taking these dogs
and then they ignore him
and wont take them
so he keeps them
that's unfortunate
he has developed such an obligation
that he's literally stuck
he is...sound familiar?
hahahaha
like a mother Theresa complex
yep
he's like you but on the other end of the spectrum
he has the same mom issues, but varied slightly, as me
he woke up crying in a panic attack the other day just from the thought of riding in the car with his mom
and her "little comments"
basically a bluth family situation
oh god
so like my family but without the crime and also being rich ALL of the time
yes
my family area the bluths, if you haven't noticed haha
dude that's awful
yep they do hahahaha
but yea
so he's getting his car tomorrow
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BoktypOCMAEj9iZ.jpg:large
OH GOD
that's ham
on her face
it's ham.
the square cheap kind
that's just like the one kind of meat for ham chicken and turkey
without different seasoning
DUDE IM DYING
HAM ON HER FACE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SHE HAS HAM
ON HER FACE
probably on her jeans
it must have fallen.
and now the tears of laffs come
"hunter get back to work"
dude you did me in
cant stop laughing
KOd
*patches fucked poppa smurf to #death*
HAHAHA
they were watching that with the kids last night
like
WHOA
the LIVE ACTION
smurf film
JESUS
so scary
im trying to get trev's attention, so i can take him to get food.  i dont know if it was the face stabbing or what but his peripheral vision is terrible
well, females have superior vision
so maybe im giving him too much credit
not THAT superior
DUDE
he was stabbed in the face
hahahaha
yes he was telling us about it yesterday
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN
and his stories dont have ends
so we never figured out what happened
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
not joking
HAHAHAHA
all you took was the basic point
"stories without an end"
yes
he is just a wealth of weird information
and stories
he went to jail
for having a stem of weed in his car
at least once
i think he went twice for weed maybe haha
and he is 28 somehow
oh no
he disappeared
that pisses me off. a STEM
jesus fuck
also what
i looked back and now his chair is empty
martin's chair, i mean
haha
i need to find him haha
its hard to talk to people in sales
theyre on the phone
and dont decide when the phone rings
nice observation
when others call
THATS when the phone is used
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I HATE YOU
haha
yer crackin me up
like
lobster
uggggh
rapper
im dapper
dude i want lobster
so rapper much rapper im rapper
I want to be *rich* for a day
me too
its called
*PAYDAY*
and have south merican langosta
what?
Pay day is candy
lolol
you ass
langosta is a kind of crustacean
what
hahahaha
youre an ass
i bet you didnt know about
AWESOME GIANT CEPHALAPODS
brb
ok
and a giant squid
haha
help me
please
hahahahahahahahaahahahahaaha
hahahahhahahhahah
oh god looool
Trevor Payne The owls are out on oak ridge
HELP ME
HELP
HA
HLP
i told you
dude i've been sitting here
i was just at his house
sicne we last talked
and he looked at his phone and said
just trying to figure it out
"michael terranova"
and i was like
HAHAHA
OH GOD HES DYING I KNO
i knew you were having a field day
hahahahaha
I AM
dude since you went over there
i've been trying to figure out that weird status
everything is RELATIVELY normal
(relatively)
but this
this is so odd
he doesn't seem like he drinks.
so Im gonna guess he wasn't drunk.
he only smokes weed.
that one, he was drunk
it was his birthday
THANK GOD
I WAS GENUINELY WORRIED ABOUT WHAT I WAS SEEING
drinking makes sense of it
hahahaa
oh
the other day i was telling him i was having deja vu
three beers deep
haha ok
and he said
"think out with your sync out"
what does that mean
lol
who in the hell knows man
he posts a lot
this could take a while
he does
its awesome
so much content
dude
i basically get him in reading this statuses
but like
he takes it like a step further than i would
"cops are bad and abuse their power"
I agree
"the government has implanted them with something or is paying them to be more aggressive"
eh
haha
he's like slightly "more" than the regular
wait
that's the definition of eccentric
lol
oh my god a dead snake
yes
the snake
he fought barrett
over that snake
he swore someone here killed it
wow
and then displayed it
to bother me
im not lying
he said this
i don't know about that. It sounds like he is feeding your preexisting paranoia
no hes actually helping me some, he shames me for smoking
when i smoked like 4 cigarettes
and then took the rest
that's different from what i just said though
haha
not saying i don't like what he did
#DAMN cigarETTES#
just #VAPE like #usteens
i know, i know
he wont vape though
because its probably mind control
he didnt say that but i know thats what hes thinking
whatever
it's delicious
haha
and hahaha yeah probably dude
he may warm up to it
i like vaping
i just don't like that weird sub culture that accompanies it
yea agreed its RETARDED
like it's just silliness honestly
it's like making a subculture out of coffees.
HAHA
CHECK OUT MY CUSTOM MUG WITH LID ACTIONS
tell me more about highland so i can laugh like an insane person
ok
well
hmm
i told you about the guy who has a "device stuck in his side that gives people the ability to read his thoughts " who "needs a surgeon NOW" right
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
NO
GOD NO
he was always talking about this device in his side
haha
OH
OH
so
i was working on adult at night
and
i was talking to someone about going to church or something
a patient comes up
the guy has no teeth
and he says
HAHAHAHA
"i used to go to church. The last time i went, someone looked me right in the eyes and goes *your house burnt down n your dog died.* I don't go there no more.  (violent laugh)"
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
violent laugh
some kid was like
are you even staff
what are you
16
HAHAHAHA
oh god
and then went into his room and farted loudly
thats so funny
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
HE HAD TO END IT
WITH A FART
hahahahahahahahah
HE PUNCUATED YOUR INTERACTION WITH ASS GAS
st00p nw
/green/
http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/music/news/macaulay-culkin-storms-off-stage-after-fans-interrupt-his-pizza-underground-kazoo-solo-9435542.html
so stupid
that is so stupid
hahahahahahahaha
ahahah
i know it is
hahahahaha
MAKE IT WERK, WERK WERK, WERK WERK
help me
NO
HELP YOUR SELF
PATCHES
god
HAHAHAHAHAHA
what would trevor ACTUALLY think of
patches
OBVIOUSLY it's too soon to tell
hhahaaha
he wouldnt get it
hes too simple
Like
no one would
I have never met someone
twisted enough to get it
yea maybe tom green
actually trevor loves tom green
lol
and beck!
he loves beck!
YES
HE HAD MELLOW GOLD ON TAPE AS A YOUNG BOY, IT WAS HIS FIRST TAPE
YES
HE LISTENED TO IT EVERY NIGHT BEFORE BED
HE IS BECK
GREAT
HE IS
i wish i could show you what he's wearing
pastel mint womens pants that we have conculded i also have a pair of
and a brown 70's button up long sleeve shirt with the crazy pointy and long collar
HAHAHAHAHAHA
what even
he said he found it in his closet
he looks like beck
midnite vultures era
i would find a photo to show you but he would see
hahahahaha
and dude like
i dont want to mention it to anybody
but i think he MIGHT actually be developign a thing for me
but if so i know he would not act on it or say anything
so it doesnt matter
just an interesting facet i guess
i've noticed something
?
don't take this like I'm criticizing you and don't over analyze it
haha
i already know along the lines of what youre going to say SO SAY IT
hahaha
every time you get a new friend, it's like you've picked up a new hobby and are *loving* it. It's just something interesting thats I was thinking about. Like another human being becomes your "thing" for a short period of time.
I could go back to every friend you've ever made and told me about
and say the same thing
which begs the remark...
"I would probably be pissed if you made a new friend and didn't tell me about it at this point"
and you always know ALONG THE LINES of what I'm saying
haha
dude i just discovered recently that what you just said is 100% true and i explained it to chris and now i call them my projects
but
trevor isnt a project
because hes a true friend
josh is though
Your view of trevor is different
but your connection to him is not
you talk about him just like you have everyone else
it's just
positive sentiments mainly
well yes because im amazed that this guy who sits ten feet from me just happened to be hiding that hes the nicest person ever
lololol
i said that to further prove your point
i hope this doesn't go how it usually goes. My concern is that you have an affinity for crazies, and they don't present their true colors for a while
it's like
you idealize them, the friendship develops, they take advantage and are revealed as insane
think about every interesting freind you've ever had
haha
well thats always a chance with everyone
but i cant treat him like hes already done it
No you can't
but you have to be prepared for it, just because you have a string of later-crazy situations connectively
later=crazy situations
connectively
i like that
hahaha
hahahaha
consecutively
yeah
the later-crazies
starting from middle school
HAHAHAHAHA
charlie, dustin, samantha campbell, the weird senior you dated with the speech impediment, dark haired dude oh shit ok bob, the blonde haired companion
the list goes ON
hahahaha
all fine at first
but later-crazies
HAHAHAHAHAHA
JESUS
THERE ARE SO MANY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
dude
I left out a BUNCH
there are so many later-crazies
and they alll have similar traits
josh
you left him out
controlling, emotionally unstable, think they're better than they are even sometimes to the point of magical abilities or superior intelligence
SHANE
"I'm fine on meth"
JOSH
"I know most of everything"
DUSTIN
IM FINE ON METH
HAHAHAHAHAHA
"I deal with satan but do not worship him"
YEAH RIGHT
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
he did say that
like
IM CRACKING UP
I NEED TO STAY UP LATE FOR SCHOOL
*three day meth bender*
charlie
"I LIKE MUSIC TOO, I CAN TAKE US TO PARADISE WITH MY POWER*
HAHAHAHAHAHA
JESUS GOD
these all sound so crazy
but theyre all quotes
i think
probably
like
as close as i can get
hunder
hunder
ok
listen
HHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHHAAHA
i won a medal for this
haha
if
IF
GAAHHH HAHAHAHA
*performs ultrasound*
if you were hoping fur a babi, i hav BAD newz, but if you are hoping for MILLIONS OF SPIDERS, i have GRATE NEWZ!
hunder
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
JMUF
HEAD ON KEYBOARD
CANNOT
jmuf
im just smashing my head
ok hunder
i dont know  how to not laff
thts fyne
hunder
hahahahaha
thats so funny
why
HAHAHAHAHAHA
why is that so funny
i am laughing hard
haha
literally
LITrly
i am as well
people are staring
make it stop
ok hunder
i dun thnk i cn
i use medals
HAHAHA
oh no
mdals
hunder im scred of facbook
im scrd
https://scontent-a-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/t1.0-9/10322445_641905425884590_7896409922753172362_n.jpg
so scrd
hahahahaha
halp
hunder
HUNDER
HAHAHAHAHAHA
DID WE GO TO SACHOOOL WITH HIM
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
yes
he rants like a crazy on here
and like
makes
"photo edits" of girls he's not friends with
just because he's gay
SO GAY
he assumes
GET IT AWAY
HISSSS
HE ASSUMES
that all girls like him
hahahaha
he has a low iq
WHAT
LOLOL
i think he's miss worledges son
THATLL BE A HARD "NO" FROM ME
he looks insectoid
fist slamming
oh god
*hsss*
insectoid
wanna know his true craziness
look at his new photo that he has made
OKAY
https://scontent-a-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/t1.0-9/10310691_641905085884624_2398531161404904629_n.jpg
almost fell out of my chair
it seems like a joke
jesus fucking christ
his life is a joke
he doesnt matter in the scheme of the world
finish him
https://scontent-b-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn2/t1.0-9/10361409_641019015973231_6389491614225168936_n.jpg
he messaged me once begging me to like his profile photo
OH MY GOD THAT IS TERRIFYING
WHAT
ARE YOU SERIOUS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
oh my god
I'll send hou the caption first
Marks Debroven shared Marks Debroven's photo.
May 24
Goodmoring
https://scontent-b-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/t1.0-9/1907640_640722152669584_5859742300908564396_n.jpg
IM DYING
THIS ISNT REAL
THIS IS FAKE
IT CANT BE
he posted it the day before
and then shared it
I HAVE TO SHOW EVERYONE
oh my god
he has a singing cover
of a disney song
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS THIS IS GOLD
SEND HIM TO BUSSFEED
THEY WILL FEATURE HIM
oh no
dude
it's from "frozen" or whatever
he has a camera
out in the snow
SPINNING
oh no
it's just lip synching
help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCizElp_c84#t=27
dude if i watch this
i will get fired
I know
for exploding with too many laffs
save it
OH NO
HE HAS THE LYRICS ON THERE
HOLD ON
I MUST SCREEN SHOT
let me friend him
whats his name
Marks Debroven
done
added
thank you for this gift
THIS IS GOLD
WE NEED TO BUY STOCK IN THIS
"Hope that's grape juice ..."
HAHAHAHA CONCERNED ANTI GAY RELATIVE
YES HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
dude he's dancing
and smiling
he is SO happy
https://scontent-a-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/t1.0-9/10268600_636914779716988_7086668947052624532_n.jpg
this reads "happy mom" https://scontent-a-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/t1.0-9/10253846_634192823322517_4759743863988985457_n.jpg
HAHAHAHA
JUST NOW
HE ACCEPTED MY FRIEND REQUEST
OH GOD IT BEGINS
he's the new ian
hunder
yes mikeeel
he is seriously internet material
yes dude thats what im saying
hahahaha
ian is back with david josepch persinger according to facebook
is the mania over
i hope not
mmmMMMMmmmMMM!!!
oh god
is that the guy
that broke him
yes
hahahahaha
the nurse practitioner
hahah
jesus god lolol
They have been 'hanging out'
at the zoo
so i got dis weed, righ?
at restaraunts
ok
haha
and like
homes
its like
VERY "loud"
WAT HUNDER
some would call it "dro"
hahahahahahahahahahahah
ITS LOUD
but i got 20 grams of it for 140 dollars because IMMA BALLA BALLA BALLA
*twirl, smile, tooth gleam,*
o hunder
u deed it
HAHAHAHAHAHA
trevor was like
WHY WASNT I IN ON THIS
YOU SHOULDA CALLED ME
im like, no homes
this girl is latina
she my boo
say latina
hen taste
latinaaaaaa
HAHAHAHA
hen taste seems pretty overtly sexual
but it's *innocent*
i looove the word OVERTLY
1 medal 4 me then
my mom tried to get me to see her
and i was like
you said have a nice life
im trying to do that
no thanks
*deuces*
hahaha
deuces
i never say that
hahahaha
you know who i hate
people who watch 'ted talks' and i know who they are because netflix gets shared on fb
HAHAHAHA
hold on
i have to answer this:
"I'm still confused. Do I go to the ticketmaster twitter account to buy tix? Where?"
jesus fucking christ
ITS SO FUNNY. HA. HA. HA.
srsly i hate these people
im fucking with josh again im sorry
HAHAHA HOW
look at his time line
do u have trunks
TRUNKS
what even
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SKINNY DIPPER
HAHAHAHAHA
look what i just said
hoonder
hahahahaha
thats not my name
ok hnder
hahaha
i wish we could hang out after work but groceries
i know
also i said i would smo some wee wiff trevor again
because he has to try dis
my mom is making kabobs
i am so excited
BOMB ASS LOUD YO
hahahahaahahaha
YAY KABOBS
HAHAHAHAHA
sometimes i want to expose people to us
just t osee
just to see..
oh my god
matt randomly started listening to deathcore
help
HAHAHA
HALEP
nooooo matts soul
tell him no
THY ART IS MURDER IS WHAT IT IS HE SAYS
it will aggravate the inside voices
he doesn't actually listen to it. he's laughing
and omg
YOU
are ACTUALLY RIGHT
hahaha
THE INSIDE VOICES
INSIDE
IM BEING SERIOUS
HAHAHAHA
show matt good music
quick
journey with me to the pyramids of old giza
APHEX TWIN
THE CITY OF CAIRO
dude i wanna watch the mummy
OH NO
OH NO
OH NO
oh no
OH NO
oh no
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
what just happened
why
why
CHECK JOSH'S STATUS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i know.
thats what im saying why to
hes trying to be immature
with a penis reference
i'm not responding
no no
play along
but be snide
when people see the post
or ironic
no
he'll feel awkward
make a joke about it thats over his head
about it being stupid'
OH NO
OH NO
OH NO OH NO OH NO
that's too fart
hahahahaha
far
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
he is
disgusting
I'm doing something
watch
OKAY
WATCHING
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Got him
jesus
what an idiot
i had to read his tabs
was hoping he forgot to close something embarrassing
martins here, wont talk to me, sent me a nasty FB message and blocked me
i hate him
Why
he has been a dick
he told everyone that i was going to make chris leave me and then get with trevor
no one believed him of course
but everyone was pissed
anyways thats why i nearly quit
and im currently dealing with it
he had no business saying that
no he didnt
so im very upset with him
he is no longer a friend, ever
like I'm not saying i wasn't concerned, but under NO circumstances would i vocalize that much less to anyone else
jesus
yea he has no life so he has to tell others about mine
my sister stole my deodorant and all while letting the dog out three times while taking smokes outside, so I'm sweaty and smell bad.
My day is no cakewalk. #life of a Teen#
hahahaha thats such an odd combination of events
THEY ALL TIE TOGETHER
that's the worst part
dude im so pissed, that gecko that was 500 dollars and died and the guy who was supposed to replace him with two different geckos
well, i have one gecko on hold
the other was supposed to hatch last week
but both eggs from the pairing i claimed, the babies died
that never even happens
oh my gosh
that's incredibly bad luck
im sorry
I should let you know
that some odd ball jumped back into josh's post and continued the conversation, asking him not to wear his daisy dukes when they go swimming
thats his sister
HAHAHAHAHA
how can she just not laugh at that
wtf
who knows dude
she has a kid
she grew up
i also hate the term trunks
SWIMMING TRUNKS
TRUNKS.
trunks are for trunks to go inside
not to put on your body
slut
botata
Ian Jessee with Matthew Molina at Union Cafe
21 hrs  Columbus, OH  
Diamond are a girl's best friend!
HAHAHAHA
"Trevor Payne Not actually but they have sharp teeth and a pang to escape your gaze let alone grasp"
What
just a comment from trevor about geckos
hahahaha
There are owls out on Oakridge
so we talked to him about that
and he said
he just puts crazy fucking shit all over the internet so that people will think he is retarded and weird
he wants people to think the worst of  him
That's weird lol
But it was so funny
God
it is dude but its so funny
Who carws
Hahaha
HAHAHA
THERE ARE OWLS OUT ON OAKRIDGE TONIGHT
ive been hanging out with him for like a week straight.  since he sits behind me, and lives on oakridge, he always goes places with us.  until like 11 PM.
Sounds enjoyable. I have contracted a stomach bug from one of those stupid kids. STUPID
CHILDREN
SLIMEY
trevor got sick and tried to blame it on VAPING
he asked us not to vape around him
and i was like
DUDE YOU HAVE A FUCKING ILLNESS, YOURE SICK
What
Hahahahah
He is obviously sick
The only way that makes sense
he admitted it today
but before he was like
Is If you put your sick mouth on a vape
"i dunno guys..."
Dude I actually provoked him to talk about the "cancer conspiracy" on facebook omg haha
I was like yes
he means well
all of the time
but i picked up one bad trait
or, two
his manners are not up to par, he does not quite understand fully what being considerate is.  he does to some degree, he has been considerate, but nothing like you or i would do.  also, he is not the cleanest haha
He is sympathetic but small acts of consideration are what you mean right
Like basically manners haha
Ok
well he has done small ones
like, he bought me a cliff bar
he took my heavy backpack through the woods
yesterday he offered me some snack bars because he remembered i like blueberry
he gave me a popsicle that he just spent a lot of money on (organic)
Dude he's obviously not super clean though
He may be a hoarder hahaha
well it's partially the dogs
but this made me almost puke
well
actually im not going to tell you
Oh no
because you will get ill
Tell me anyqay
Don't do this to me hunder
he said he sleeps with his dogs, and they got ticks in the bed, and there were ticks on his scalp, and he got them all but they left sores (dont puke please)
That's not so bad on the disgusting scale. It's not like chewed food gross. It's more like lice gross
But dude
Thay us truly appalling
Hahaha
EW
like
i cringed
but
What a foul thought though
haah
he does nice things
he says thank you
thats nice
hes getting a car tomorrow
no one ever does that
lol
oh yeah
i forgot
are geckos really mean
yea today we took him to the bank on lunch for him to get his money for the car
and no
hahahaha
dude
I'm watching a fucking weird alien documentary
and I think i have fever delirium
HAHA WHAT
you sick bro?
dud ei had that
I GOT IT FROM THE SNOT NOSED BRATS THAT I LIKE UNTIL THEY MAKE ME SICK
FUCK CHILDREN
hahahahaha
I BATHE IN HAND SANITZIER ALL DAY
I HAVEN'T BEEN SICK SINCE HIGH SCHOOL DUDE
SERIOUSLY
ALIENS
okay so lay off the hand sanitizer and the aliens
visceral
HAHA
visceral
that poem where everythin was visceral
at least he didn't say carnal
what poem??
josh's
OH HAHA
dude he was so mad
i blew him off to go to the farm with chris and trevor
and the next day i mentioned the farm
good
and josh was like
OH SO THATS WHAT YOU BLEW ME OFF FOR
as if it matters
fuck him trevor is better
josh is no longer a thing
He's finished.
trevor is better
FINISHED
trevor finished josh
even chris agreed that trevor is the opposite of josh
josh believes in nothing
trevor believes in everything
I know
haha
That is LITERALLY opposite
exactly
MIND CONTROL
THE NSA
trevor is actually afraid of the nsa
he wont respond to messages about weed
I am similar to josh in some ways, but I actually have justifications for my beliefs
I am too
The NSA is REAL
and scary
HOWEVER
well yea
but theyre not going after stoners
they can't legally get you for talking about weed on facebook
exactly
they more or less want terrorists
gotta go get stoned at trevor's now, time to leave work, talk to you later fran
MORE OR LESSS
we will hang out
we can try for tomorrow
see ya dude
you free this evening? trevors coming over, figured we'd throw a friend party
nope I am not : (
pooop
number 1
http://www.buzzfeed.com/annehelenpetersen/perfect-people-magazine-covers-from-the-1990s
ohchrist
all of these are grteat though
billy idol: collapsed near a club
I JUST READ THAT
michael jackson is a horrifying man to look at
he truly is
but those moves
*damn*
michael bolton is hte single father who's got it all
HAHAHAHA
the 90's!
new kids on the block
i hate them
hahaha
FUCK THESE 90S EARRINGS
trevor got his car and i dont see him.  im assuming he got undertimed but if he's sitting somewhere else now because he doesnt need our help getting places ill be like I SORT OF EXPECTED THIS
or he's at home
so he's at home or somewhere else
he's supposed to "drive over" today, and im wondering if he will go over while im at work and hang out with chris and leave before i get there.  IM WATCHING HIM.
your theory soumdms solid
everything he does is a test he is unaware of
bella too. EVERYTHING MUST BE A TEST
i almost lost my shit ont revor
he was complaining about the light he has being too hot, for the sand boa WE GAVE HIM, like "did you guys mean to give me that bulb because i think its way too hot"
MOTHER FUCKER GO BUY ANOTHER ONE THAT SNAKE IS WORTH 200 DOLLARS
why would he not trust whst you gave him
like in what way would he know about sand boa temperatures haha
he knows a lot about basic husbandry
but the fact is
its not our problem, he needs to figure it out, and buy what he needs himself
why did you give him something worth so much
I know hes a friend
but
just wondering
i couldnt get it to eat
Ohh hhh ok
yea we gave him stuff when he needed stuff, some food, rides, etc
but now he has a car
so thats done happening
now is the true test
if he pulls back from us because he has transportation
was he using you
exacftly
were you just "convenient"
TIME WILL TELL
http://www.buzzfeed.com/rachelzarrell/a-serial-tickler-is-breaking-into-boston-homes-and-terrorizi?bffbnews
HAHAHA
http://www.buzzfeed.com/perpetua/what-kind-of-alien-are-you
!!!!!
I CAN FINALLY KNOW
WHAT ARE YOU
hold on
im a vulcan.
SKRULL
Youre very sneaky, and have a very questionable sense of morality. Youre very good at fitting in with a crowd, but even when youre part of a bigger group youre always looking out for yourself.
Youre extremely intelligent, but very cold and aloof. You are very loyal to your friends and are always trying to do the right thing, but could stand to lighten up a bit.
I was told I was aloof
ALOOF HUNDER
HAHAHA
i almost clicked aloof
but i thought ambitious was better
THATS THE CHANGE
hahaha
i said ambitious
they just decided aloof
well damn them
maybe because i said
people are useful to me
hahahahaha
i did too
i swear
and I'm starting to think
the answers don't matter on these quizzes
they do though i think
i want more quizzes
find good quizzes
i;ll find some totally relevant ones on buzzfeed
http://www.buzzfeed.com/ariellecalderon/how-big-of-a-mean-girls-super-fan-are-you
okay gooood
NO
HAHAHAHAHA
I REFUSE
http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/how-big-is-your-penis
HAHAAHAHAHAHA
i lol'd
no find the good quizzes online
you know
I LOVE BUZZFEED
I kow
i know
the ones that tell me who im going to marry
and what car ill drive
in 25 years
how bad my midlife crisis will be
and how ill parent my kids
i need to know these things
those are all questions you can answer yourself
I can answer them
HAHA
my foot is numb
you'll drive a ford escape
lololol
you'll be too lenient with your kids
because you dont want to becomee your mother
your midlife crisis wont be that bad because the first have of your life WAS a crisis
oh shit youu suond like youre actually really correct
hahahaha
hahaha
did you see trev's picture of Pretzel?
he tagged it
#indiansnakenonproblems
i see
hahah
why is he not at work -.-
he complains about having no money
and then leaves when they ask if he wants to
thats weird
why would you work less then complain about having no money
well he admits that its bad
hes like, i need to stop leaving
but its so hard to when youre bored and they want you to leave
which i totally understand
i believe now that he has his car he's going to be staying full days more often
That happened to me a couples days ago. Everyone was asleep by nine and I could have left at 9, but I left at 11:20 and got payed for those two extra hours
haha
oh you think?
It would make sense that they opposite would be true lol
well i guess we'll see
but either way
his money isnt my problem
lol
I need a #coffee. CoffeeDad#
trevor made coffee yesterday and put a little bit of butterf in it, and some thyme honey
and it was good
butter in coffee
it makes it smooth
i just like a little sugar
I prefer butter on my #biscuit
i found dr ruths twitter
omg dude
Dr. Ruth Westheimer @AskDrRuth  2h  
 More
 Today is Menstrual Hygiene Day. Some women feel more aroused when they have their period. If you, put a towel under you & have sex
HAHAHAHA
OH GOD
WHY
THATS JUST
WHY
Dr. Ruth Westheimer @AskDrRuth  May 22
Look, move the golf clubs out of the way & use the hallway closet. At the very least you'll have a good laugh & finish in bed!
Dr. Ruth Westheimer @AskDrRuth  May 21
If u don't have a partner for tonite, you're not allowed to satisfy yourself until you've made at least some effort at finding some1
oh my god
what in the hell
she's promoting promiscuous sex
no she's saying sex is healthy if it's safe and there's no such thing as promiscuous sex
that's her whole thing
but dude
her tweets
she's 85
tweeting about touching yourself
like
I CANT
HAHA
like
dont touch that
it might fall off
stop it
leave it alone
*stomps foot on floor*
first try and find 1 partner!
hahahaha
dude you know what
whar
hart
whay
im going to tell you this story because we are close friends and it's very funny
WHAT
for me at least
OK
ok*
after we got back to the farm the other day we were sweaty and stuff so chris and i took a shower (oh god,  SHOWER?) and he said OUT OF NO WHERE "why hello there clarice" EXACTLY LIKE FUCKING HANNIBAL LECTUR ANTHONY HOPKINS STYLE
I WAS SO STUNNED
i was like I HAVE TO GO
that's like one of those things that's more hilarious if you were there, but I don't want to be there
hahaha
I get the merit though for sure
see thats what im saying
i havent heard him use the voice again
but the fact that he can do that
with no practice at all
....ew.... wtf haha
just one time
exactly
just to test the waters
no pun intended
HAHAHA
PUN INTENDED
pun always intended
i want a hannibal tattoo but i have no idea where to even start
i need to read the books first
maybe pick something from there
i want a tattoo really badly
but I'm such a perfectionist
it would almost be impossible for m
i know dude im never happy with a tattoo even if it's literally perfect
my dragon one i am totally happy with lol
you just have to save money and go to a credited artist
I'm not getting one in charleston
good idea haha
no matter how good they are comparatively they aren't objectively going to be great
yea true
columbus is all "art" but there are so many different artst
i wanted to get a tattoo there fool
lol
So is this tinley thing still happening because I need something to look forward too
well my mom cancelled my hotel out of retarded spite but we can just get a cheap one or something
I can start putting back money now
lol
so yes
OH KAYYYYYYY
iz gon be sooo fun :DDD
its a montha fter our reptile show
so i should have lots of fall back money
hopefully
Yeah!!
I've signed up for a bunch of extra shifts so I have fallback money
I'm so excited
to o somewhere
and do something
right?!
if i had better gas mileage id drive everywhere
but also im the only one who ever drives
i feel like
i feel very put out
by everyone i chauffuer arond
chris needs to get his license soon. wasn't he  driving or something last week
haha
trevor said he would teach chris to drive
i dont care what happens
im just living life
being miserable sometimes
I know.
lol
thats life
Reacting appropriately
adequate response now
hahaha
dude i just feel like
this sounds bad but i feel so superior to everyone i encounter in life
i dont know if its a complex
it is and I have it too
or if i really have a better understanding of human interaction
We've been through this
i feel like when i talk to people that i have to downgrade my communication skills substantially
we both have giant egos
YES
YES
YES
ME TOO
ALL OF THE TIME
AT WORK
I DUMB DOWN THE WAYS IN WHICH I SPEAK WITH OTHER
S
THAT'S LIKE SPOT ON WITH WHATI DO
when i have to do it i get angry too and sometimes im harsh with people
I feel you
I was talking with this girl about her borderline mom the other day
and had to replace any jargon about mental illness with "nuts" and "crazy" and then we started talking about school and I had to pretend i took really simple classes I didn't take,
I picked up on her low intelligence really quickly.
and then got short with her as I dumbed myself down.
I'm constantly asking coworkers obvious questions to make them feel like they are worth something to me.
do you ever get around people who want to talk and talk and talk but they sound retarded so you keep trying to interject and they talk over you so eventually you stop trying and just start seething while they finish their bullshit no-lifer story?
Although they are not, and I know more than tney do
YES
AND THE STORY IS WORTHLESS
it's like, meaningless to you, and has no effect on them in reality
exactly
trevor keeps trying to tell me that i handle certain situations incorrectly, like dealing with my mom and dealing with martin
and i want to stomp him
into the ground
im furious about it
no
dude
he's just in a different place in life
he's never been in your shoes
I in a way have.
You do handle it correctly.
He lives by the assumption that people are basically good hearted
which isn't the worst thing
but I don't think that it's true
just now im thinking about everything trevor has done to try to be alpha dog around chris and therefor me
and its infuriating
It's human nature
im getting angrier and angrier with his lack of respect for me and my house and my car and my animals
It doesn't mean he's different than he is
It just means two things
at what point can you ask a person why they have never said thank you to you?
1) you are JUST NOW, getting to finally truly know him. A person is defined by actions not words and tales, which you are finally seeing.
2) Understand that the alpha behavior is typical of anyone in his situation no matter the personality. Doesn't matter if he loves you or hates you. Humans are competitive. Especially two males spending infinite time with one female.
so do i ask him why he has never said thank you for the things i have done?
or do i just ignore it and continue to secretly hate him?
No. Neither.
but i cant find anybody better to hang out with
What you do is you tell him that you'd appreciate a thank you sometimes, and remind him that you aren't mad, but he often doesn't say thank you. Don't say it unless the situation presents itself again
yea thats a good idea.  and it will, trust me.
then just prepare yourself to react appropriately
at first i didnt want to say anything because i wasnt done observing, i wanted to give him as many chances as possible to think about his words and actions
but now i see that if i dont say something, he wont notice anything
Some people are just like that.
You have to do things to work with it
at what point am i being a fool for dealing with it?
When you aren't achieving results.
You haven't touched that time at all
Because, you haven't tried in this respect yet
true
the onyl way it could fail is if i say something to him and he is shitty about it
im having to listen to washe dout so i dont have a meltdown and leave work
im working a 6 day week
all 8 1/2 hours every day
ive started waking up at 7-8 by default
Is't that how it's always been?
or just more difficult recently
well recently work stress has been pretty okay besides the martin thing, i have been wanting to quit but i know that i would have no other job, and chris has been doing almost all chores at home
it's just that i always have to get up in the mornings and my body is making me wake up earlier and earlier
even if im lacking sleep
i cant sleep in
i miss hanging out with you because then there are no communication errors and i never find myself hating you silently
and WHY IS THAT SO MUCH TO ASK FOR IN THE FIRST PLACE
I DONT KNOW
It's really not
I think you need to stop comparing all friendships to ours
because
you won't find another friendship that matches even slightly
that may be why your expectations are so high
I will take all of your crazy
and you will take mine
but how do i turn off the "judging now" button
I never do
I relish in my judgments
and I am happier alone
that is our difference
so youre saying if i focus on how im better than trevor i will hate him less for it
You need people
it isn't a bad thing
no
if i just use him to feel better about my amazing abilities
well
hahahahaha
Ok
so
If you focus on how you are equals you are lying to yourself, which is idiocy. If you focus on your superiority, that will skew your value placed on him. What you need to do is not focus on human merit. Focus on smallers aspects of the relationship
but if i focus on small things i will focus ont he small things he's doing to annoy me and tear it apart
The focus on the large things.
Is it so bad to constantly feel superior
it's better than obsessing about every thank you
yea that's true
sometime si feel like i am an off putting person
because i know i am more of a person than most people
i have more matter to me
my existence has more impact
and that's hard for a lot of people to deal with
they need other background friends
this really sucks. i feel like you and chris are the only people i will ever truly like and even chris gets on my fucking nerves.  i feel trapped.  like im incapable by nature of having relationships.
:/
i dunno
chris and i are looking into moving to colorado
why's that
i dont know how it would work, it's just nice to think about escaping
because we could be happier there hopefully
more foreward thinking people
Here's what I think
If you put money back and saved as much as you could over the course of over a year at least, you could do it.
Unless it's just like fantasizing
It's not undoable
it would jsut require patience
i know i could do it, it would be just so hard to leave my reptile show
i cant have one there
the market has already been taken over
You have to consider what's most important to you
Being a part of something that exists or starting something on your own
the latter is the road less traveled, and it's harder
im already doing my business but i know that the show is more where my money and my reach is right now.  people listen to me because of the show.  but my personal business is also becoming pretty well recognized nationally
I'd say you should still try nad put back money occasionalyl just in caswe you arrive at some kind of grand plan you aren't starting from scrath
ch
right now, you seem fine though
i cant really put money back with the newt car
new
not newt
we're pretty poor now
do you remember those days in school where you knew you had someone/something to look forward that day so you were just ina  chipper mood that entire day?
yea
i miss feeling like that
i have none of those days
i feel no excitement for anything
I wish a full time position would open for chris. You would be LESS poor. It's hard to not be poor.
And yeah
feeling nothing
that's the american dream
everyone is poor and miserable
and on drugs
Well that's mostly here in the bible belt
haha
still
That's why I can't be in west virginia. I would be forever stuck here and clinically depressed forever
the only time i feel exhilarated is when im doing something bad and dangerous, or when im exploring new places that i havent seen
i am clinically depressed
i know
im getting worse
chris made me watch The Wall the other day
and i almost cried
really
because the dude in the room is how i feel
yes
smashing everything
staring at the wall
wanting to not move
not blink
because it hurts
because im so sad
that's intense
I don't know what to tell you
changes are hard to make
The other day I was waiting for trevor because i needed to get out of the house, and the wait for leaving my house was so torturous that i just stared at the ceiling.  i was too depressed to even watch tv.  i actually cant watch tv really anymore.  it cant hold my interest.
i just end looking at my phone repeatedly hoping someone said something to me
that is sad
I am sorry
im happy when i have new animals
and when they grow
and checking on them every morning
i thinkt hats why my body wakes me up early
i go spend an hour with the geckos and feed some of them, take pictures of them, check their weights
Lollie Saria
26 mins  Charleston, WV  
I've been "evacuated" from my parents house & now I need a partner to back pack across the world with me!
i hope she gets raped.
yikes haha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sparx_(video_game)
my mom didn't come home from work and marias network of weird friends spotted her with an unidentified lady at la carreta. HM
oh jesus -.-
dude i need to get out of here
im about to go sit in my car for 2 hours
its like 65
you're "finisheD"
nan
im so sorry hahahahahaha
NOOOOOooo
not why why
haha
i dont know man
im so tired
dont let me die in my cubicle
theyd bury me in it
I'll pray4u
*blessed*
thru god, all things r posably
#christians4michelleBachman
hahaha
so chris is upset that im depressed
so he walked to the store to get ingredients for the dinner i picked
i picked 2
that's a pretty normal response
and okk
tofu stir fry and potato skinz
im not gonna eat them both tonight
but its good to have a back up haha
skinz
skinz
i think if i had to pay a thousand dollars for a machine that culd skip me through work every day
i would do it
i wouldnt use it every day
just on days like this
We
don't have the technology
we must build
the technology
but first sacrifice an aryan princess
.....josh....
he is an aryan princess
yes thats why he is the first choice
and a virgin at that
the gods will be so pleased
so will the latter day saints
dudei only have a little over an hour left
tan hand
i better have babies when i go home
or im gonna be antsy
you saw my new crested right? the first hatched of the season?
so chris found me a game online that is good for cognitive behavioral therapy instead of seeing a therapist, its an RPG and it plays like world of warcraft but cheap hahahaha
but i think it works
Do it then
That stuff is proven effective
i know i read about it
i think it even helped a tginy bit already
that's great
josh made a point to come see me and make plans with me for the weekend before he left work. jeeebus
anyways what are you doing today?
Not sure yet. Maybe something
okay well im just going home after work lol
Ok
#oldpeoplemeetfacebook
https://www.facebook.com/Ticketmaster/posts/10152487025383641
HAHAHA
oh yea buddy
lolol
dude are you working?
nah
then you should come over after work
I've got such a bad head cold dude
I can not breathe through my nose
and then i can
and then I cant
haha i had that
i gave it to you and trevor i think
i apologize for my disease
maybe you did
I blamed the childrena
and the sick woman who wshipered into my ear with force
but YOU
ALL ALONG
HAHHAHAHAHA
tell me about that story
this old lady who wont shut up and thinks i don't get anything
can't talk she is so sick
she like whisper yells into my ear
HAHAHAHA
WHISPER YELLS
IS IT LIKE
A HISS?
you know what i mean
yes
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HOW DO YOU NOT LAUGH
i couldnt handle it
because I'm mad at her
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i flushed my ear with hand sanitizer in the back
I was so angry
HAHAHAHAHAHA THERE WAS SPITTLE
IM DYING
HAHAHAHA
SHUT UP
SPITTLE..
so let me explain the josh thing
i havent talked to him in a few days
so i decided to message him today just to say hi or whatever
and i send the message, go outside, come back inside and he walks up to my desk
pk
and starts asking if we planned anything for sunday
and im like, no we didnt
and i said, do you want to do something sunday?
and he got so giddy with school girl crush that he started WHISPERING like NOT talking to me
like RIDICULOUS SHIT
and i said "what are you saying?"
and he said "it's always on me to decide, hurr hurr, why do i have to decide?"
i was just like, later dude
hahahahaha
he was talking to me and no words were coming out of his mouth hole
what a fish tooth
fuck salt
HAHAHAHA
trevor posted a status the other day
"salty"
there are owls out on oakridge
help me
and chris was in the car and saw it on my feed and was like, "trevor, wtf is "salty" about?"
i wish others could grasp how funny i find that
HAHAHA
god
and he started explaining how he argued with some lady on a GMO post and he posted about her being salty and assumed she would see his status and think "he must be calling my SALTY"
HAHAHAHAHA
dude he lives in a world of his own
oh wow
I can tell
haha
sometimes chris is just like, dude i cant understand any of it
HAHAHA
"i cant understand what you say to me"
online of course
but eventually you do start to learn what he's saying
just from being around him
but some stuff is a toootal mystery
also, HE MADE US LISTEN TO THE OWLS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAA
OUT ON OAKRIDGE
chris was like "owls on oakridge dude? wtf was that about?" and he's like "well come out here and listen to these fucking owls!"
hahahahahahaha
it means nothing
it's just
what was happening
hahaha
dude he is never boring
even when he is
you can just watch what he's doing
and be entertained
the other day he was on the phone with someone, talkiong about a storm
and said something about weather machines breaking up the clouds
and chris and i start laughing
and he goes FUCK YOU GUYS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
dude I'm gonna say something really quick
and you can defy it
but it makes sense
haha
He sounds like someone
who has smoked way too much weed in combination with being alone for far too long
hahaaha
hyou nailed it on the head.  plus he has abandonment issues
yeah
I mean china actually does have those weather machines
but
they are crazy
hahaha
matt is all into herpatology now
misspelled
I know
I also probably won't ever have to spell it again
so I don't care
haha
hahahaha
how is he into it?
He keeps reading about more reptiles and has explicitly stated he wants to be one
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HE WANTS TO BE ONE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHA
SO DO I
WE HAVE TO JOIN FORCES
WAIT
JOING FORCES
that's from one of my mad libs
join forces as ____
as something
one
three
NO
eight
hsssss
frenemies
hs
hsssss *spit* *spit* hssssss
42 wallaby way sydney
*beams8
hahaha
i just encountered a question on fb that i cannot answer
ok lets hear it
https://www.facebook.com/Ticketmaster/posts/10152487237878641
oh wow
dude rob delaney is getting a sitcom
oh boy
OH boy
YES
YESYESYESYES
He is such a #weird dad#
does he have children? hahaha
yeah dude!!!
haha
it's funny
because he jokes about being a dad
but like
uses made up kids in his jokes
but he has young children
lol
thats really funny
when theyre made up you can set them on fire and it's okay
he's always talking about his teen keith
he has like a 7 year old with a normal name
HAHAHAHA
FUCK THE NAME KIETH
keith
hahahaha
keith DOES deserve to be the butt of all jokes
every keith does
and barb
dr barb
find 1 partner 2day
hahahaha
DR RUTH
B4 pleasuring ur self, try and find 1 partner 2day
HAHAHAHA im dying so hard because its like
before you give up on the world and start doing terrible things with your body
try to first find a stranger to perform these duties for you
hahahahahahahaha
which honestly
isn't AWFUL advice
its weird advice
hahahaha
sex therapists man
they'd have a field day with me
Because in theory, I think sex is disgusting
in practice, it isn't
dude me too
like
if chris says something sexual to me when we arent in the moment of where that belongs
i cringe
and im like, god no
thats disgusting
shut your mouth
I don't, but I get really uncomfortable
which explains why I don't have sex that often
because I'm obviously uncomfortable with it
hahaha
SHUT YOUR MOUTH THATS DISGUSTING
i see it as degrading to let someone else "have" a part of your own being.  it's like, bitch all of this is mine, stop tryin to catch feelings, ya herr?
"CAN IT, CHRIS"
is what I imagine yo usaying
i say shut up a lot
hahaha
he tries to kiss me at work
and im like
NO OFF
OFF
wow
what's that about
did your mom use a child leash on you
yes
hahahahahaha
what
I knew it.
HAHAHAHAHA
deep rooted problems in public displays of affection and control issues rooted in overtly public displays of dominance by your mother.
yes she was always very very overly affectionate in pubglic
even as ai got older
and i hate it now
I can see that
haha
it's embarrassing
I'm sorry dude
lol
you just cracked my head open and found the problem though
in like, 2 seconds
christ
I wish I liked people, because I'm so good at figuring them out
they will grow on me
AS I GROW
IN TIME.
*clock ticks*
hahahaha
okay so
i just told josh that im poor so we need to eat somewhere cheap
and hes like, ill get your lunch, dont worry about it
he has a fiat
he has done it before but never has he vocalized it
he's got it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
GHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
IM LOSING MY SHIT
hahaha sweet
well
Oh jesus, josh is trying to take all of the advantage of this small window of time i gave him with me
i ask where he wants to go
josh can help you catch it in the fiat which can accelerate from 0-60 in six-point-I'm-losing-my-hair seconds
" lordmacbayne:  Call it friendo"
oh no
he wants me to pick somewhere expensive
like su tei
so he can spend a bunch of money
Obviously
and ask me "if im happy"
and the we leave
Do you want the upper hand?
Here's what you do.
Don't give in obviously
and don't pick somewhere cheap, because that would mean you would have figured him out
pick somewhere inbetween
like qdoba or panera. Fast food that's also a sit down restaurant
thats good
Too cheap is makign a statement and too expensive is saying something is wrong and you want to confide in him
He is so amusing
he's like
"I'll fool her....AGAIN!"
"She'll spill her secrets!"
HAHA THIS IS SO MUCH FUN
(only gives him enough to keep him coming back for more)
i can never let this die
YES
THIS IS SERIOUSLY MY FAVORITE THING
you can never give him anything important
like
all of your secrets
conversations
it needs to be arbitrary garbage that doesn't matter
but you act like it does
like CHRIS WONT DO THE DISHES
doesn't matter if he did
but
it's not saying your relationship is falling apart, and it's not saying it's stable
he can interpret it however he wants
yes dude
so much yes
i wish yo could be with me for this experience
he's paranoid anyway
because this is the dead end for him
me too haha
he is totally and completely under my thumb right now
seeing him earlier confirmed that
call it, friendo
friendo is like
a term of endearment
wher eyou want to say "baby" but you have to say friend because otherwise youre sort of a rapist
It's overly ambitious
he's too excited.
If he said friendo in person
i told you dude he was blushging and everything
hahahahaha
he'd be really close to your face.
hahahahaha
omg
chris is in on this nowe too
he understand the game
he doesnt really like it but he finds it somewhat amusing
my phone is suggesting i download beep and go
that sounds like a fast food brothel
should I download it
or pass
beep and go??
yeah
it's like
rather than scan all your loyalty cards
your phone beams them
I don't know what that actually means
but it sounds so cool
hahaha
I DONT HAVE RITE AID CARD, BUT I HAVE MY (moms) PHONE NUMBER READY IS THAT OK
wait trevor said theres an app that scans bar codes and tells you if the food inside the box controls your mind or not
er, i mean, has GMOs
(shh code yellow)
Let me say something about gmos
lololool
A lot of them are awful
companies abuse gmos
Bad for your health
a lot are preservatives
that have been used for 60 years
scientific studies have shown they don't really harm you more than a bad diet in general
In other words, eating healthy is good for you, and gmos only matter a LITTLE bit if you stuff your face with garbage
I don't like them much
but they aren't that harmful
some are, but most are fine
However, people would love to believe that PhD scientists are paid to lie to us. I choose to believe they are huge nerds and don't care and publish exactly what they find
well you know i dont know what i believe
because they are huge nerds that don't like the government
i want to believe that the scientific community is the only one we can trust
but i also know that money can buy allegiance
It is.
I'll tell you this
We can always trust scientists from big universities, but scientific researchers from private firms...THOSE are the ones that would lie if any scientists lie to us at all. They are employed by corporate america.
that makes sense.
money si the worst man
university scientists have tenure, they can not lose their jobs. They have no reason to lie. Corporate scientists  have reasons.
MONEY IS.
I found out recently that my school has the most indebted students in america because we were paying our president 7 mil a year
average university president makes 5-6 hundred grand
woah holy christ
yea thats fucking insanity
MONEY IS DEVIL
I don't even care if i ever make any
I just want to be happy
the worst part is, they make you subscribe to the evil, or you die, because youre homeless and the police dispose of you during the night
RIGHT.
i would be happy living in a 2 bedroom in new caledonia
a very small house, anywhere on any of the islands
I'd be happy living in a two bedroom anywhere my job is. I want to study brains and be around people who also want to do that. That's all that matters to me.
I don't even like the prospect of an actual house
if an apartment is adequate
well i want land
i can have a small house as long as i have a large backyard and front yard
i will inherit my dad's land, a portion of it
i plan on growing legal weed there by the time that happens
ahh ok i see. It makes sense that you would want land.
he's basically handing me down a farming business
i feel like owning land is freedom
really?
its what they cant take from you
and yea dude
once it's legal here we could grow so much up there
that's true
kim jong *ILLLLLLL*
the soil is perfect haha.  we have cleared fields already, my dad has build irrigation systems for his crops
from one of the ponds
the water siphons from the pond up the hill to the veggies
i dont know how he does these things hahaha
like a basin
he's like
an old fashioned.
as old fashioend as you can get
hank hill, so yes
"on the pot"
"potted up"
going on a trip
bwah
hahaha
im trying to get trevor to go fishing with us but i think he's sucked into a game he just bought
he was bitter towards me dude
like, i asked if he wanted to come over after work, and he said he had no money
now, chris asked him the same thing
and this is what he said
oh no
well i cant copy anymore but basically he said that he would but he has no money because he had to buy weed from us because his friend refused to buy it (he could have just given it back to us) and that yesterday on lunch he smoked a joint with me and that was the last of his weed
now why would he unleash that on chris about me hahaha
he didnt seem angry but he did seem put out
beats me dude
seems #elaborate and #lush for such a #simple #explanation
yea he seemed angry sort of haha
i called him on it though and he was suuuper nice to me about it
if he doesnt text me back im gonna be psisssed
why would josh use the word causative
in a scientific context
??
we use the word "causal"
someone just posted something about a study on porn and the brain to his wall
god
he is just a child
i had to unfriend him
I can't deal
he said
HAHAHAHA
people who view porn are probably dumber on the whole
after saying the article was speculating
hes just an idiot dude
im forcing myself to endure this lunch
which I would be fine with
just so i can continue to laugh at his being
If he didn't try to appear smart
I am totally fine with idiots
yes its that putting on that reeeally bothers me
right haha
He just REALLY rubs me the wrong way
lol
HAHAHAHA
SIGMUND FRUED FOLLOWED ME ON TWITTER. THANKS TWITTER. HEY YOU ARENT FRUED.
hahahaha thats awesome
dude!
EXO TERRA LIKED ONE OF MY INSTAGRAM PHOTOS
WHAT
WHATS THAT MEAN
IS IT BIG NEWS
they make the glass cages that matt has, the open faced ones, they take tours all over the world just to find and document new species, etc
oh shit
so a big company
yea dude like
the biggest
they hold symposiums every year with new findings from the wild
philippe goes and speaks at these things
i have some of his animals lol
gotta run home now, lata playa
dude I just used one of those sinus cleansing faux neti pot things, and I feel like I have totally been doing life wrong
BRAIN INFECTIONS
just kidding my mom made me do those
i dont like them
haha
I do. I can breathe now. #portland
hahaha
dude my leopard gecko babies better hatch soon
oh and also if matt still wants a leachie i just somehow became really good friends with this guy who has been quietly breeding the highest quality animals for like 30 years, he is a professional glass artist, and currently only keeps a collection of high color leachies.  He hates putting dollar signs on his animals so he and I will be trading babies a few times I'm guessing lol
Trevor Payne
26 mins  
Grose1
what?
dude my theory is
he saw a girl that he thought was gross
and spelled it wrong and with a 1
and the 1?
and made that his status
but you have to read it before you post it
because your eyes have to find the post button
hahahahahaha
how can you have such an...odd....typo
its not
he does it on purpose
he knows how to talk
he can communicate fine
mostly
hahaha
HAHA
Trevor Payne
about an hour ago
Saw a kit kat bar still in the wrapper today sitting beside this today.
explain this
HAHAHAHAHA
DUDE he blew us off
never responded to me
after work i was texted
texting
got no response
and now he just hasnt said anything to us
but it doesnt say he has read our messages
so i dont know
sunday marks the 4 year anniversary of your mom being mad at me
So he hasn't even opened facebook since?
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
NO DUDE
HES BEEN POSTING
so he blew us off i think
to play the new video game that he traded other games in for
because he only works fucking 20 hours a week
but he hasn't clicked "messages"  so it doesn't say that he's read it so it looks like he hasn't read them?
DUDE
WHAT
haha
HOW DOES HE SURVIVE
IM LOSING IT
HAHAHAAHHA
DUDE
HE LIVES IN HIS MOMS HOUSE AND IS GETTING KICKED OUT
THE BANK WILL TAKE HIS HOUSE
lol
BUT SHE LIVES SOMEWHERE ELSE
So his position isn't full time?
SO HE HAS TO SELL IT FOR HER BUT HIS DOGS MAKE IT A DISGUSTING WRECK
THERES TRASH AND BONE CHIPS ALL OVER THE FLOOR
dude no one is going to buy that place in its current condition
he is a slob
lol
there are like forks caked with old food sitting around
i have lost control of my body
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAH
DUDE
he DOES
*SNORTING*
like plates with chicken bones on them
like dude alright you had wings
CLEAN
I would be afraid to sleep due to bugs  and rats
during the day you can be on guard
hahaahahahhaahahah
hahahahahahaha
dude he has his car now and i predict that he stops hanging out with us
orrrrr that i have him totally misread
because he might love us
I mean
i cant decide
those are the two options
lolol
here's my theory
his life is going to hell, and your friendship will dissolve because he's a mess
he will feel like a burden
and put a huge amount of space between you
yes i see that happening now
when we met him
he was at so low a point
that he used us for embarassing things
for help
like a child in need
and now hes slightly recovered, with his car
and hes ashamed i think
yeah
that he sunk to that leeve
evel
level dammit
it's like raising a child syndrome
literally
yea i took him under my wing
and he mentioned once how he felt like he acts like a child sometimes and its awkward for people
he knows
i think he distances himself
from probably everyone
he was with lilly for two years
he is 28
he clearly does
So tell me
that was his longest relatoinship
why did lilly leave
he claims she was an alcoholic, drinking while he wasnt around, and that eventually she fessed up to it, then did it in front of him.  she went to move to dc, and he said they could break it off then if she wanted.  she said no.  she never came back home.  she went to her moms, and he got a voicemail of her and a dude, possilbly involed in uh, uh, you know the uh, the thing they do now when they get tired of them...
but he claims she was making less money with them
than him
*
but i dont know how thats possible
dude a 28 year old man needs to have a ft job
that's concerning
OCCUPY OAKRIDGE
thats where he works
dummy
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
monsantNO
omg
RATS OF GMOS 6 MONTHS = HUGE TUMORS *GROTESQUE PICTURE OF TUMOR RIDDEN RODENT*
HAHAHAHAHAHA
JESUS CHRIST
HAHAHA
it hurts my sore chest to laff
light little flutter laffs
flutter from the excitement
the heart flutters
softer, laffer
you're finished
LAFF-ER
anyways
trevor is hilarious
congraduladons hunder
and i hope when our friendship desolves
that he leaves me be
and isnt an ass
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH
hunder
christ
yeg hunder
ok
i had a word od adice.
haahahahaahahaahhaha
next time u make a new frin
dun idioalide dem
HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ppl den 2 ditapoeend us
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
dude theres the neighbor kid here
dooky
and hes so weird
and he was laughing at me laughing
HAHA
and i said to him in a stern voice
WAIT
THE ONE WHO LOVES CHRIS
"SILENCE YOURSELF, CHILD."
yes hahahahahaah
daw how drapes
d
hahahaahahaha
christian said HEY CHRIS
DDDDDDD
and chris in the other room said
NO
tell him i said hi
and then say
who?
never mind
just chris?
the kid
hahahahaha
dont say who i am
im sying
disguise my voice, identity, and body
hahahahahahHAHAHAHAAHHAA
HE SAID
WHAT
WHO IS THIS??
AND I SAID
I CANT DISCLOSE THAT INFORMATION
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
YES
THANK YOU
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHHAAH
I WISH YOU HADNT KILLED YOUR FRINSHEP WITH JOSH
SO WE COULD ALL GO TO LUNCH
AND IT BE HILARIOUS
I WANT YOU TO SEE
SEE IT WATCH IT
DONT LOOK AWAY
I don't want to be near him
I never had a friendship
he knew I was just being condescending
that's why he would make so many jokes.
I intimidate him, and he knows i do it on purpose.
YES
AND ITS HILARIOIUS
He didn't do anything wrong
he was like a cild today
I'm just a bully
a CYBER bully
hurr hurr ill get your lunch m'lady dont worry about it *trumpet scale to reggae drums*
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
YUCK
i thought that was pretty funny
hahahahahahahaaha
M'LADY
YUCK
i liked trevors weird status that said grose1
he has never said that
ut
HE OWULD
but instead he says
"friiindooo"
what is he? 37?
OH WAIT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
dude
this lunch is going to be so creepy
now that hes so fucking THIRSTY
tis creepy
that its obvious
tis
and awkward
it seems that your feelings towards him are causative
visceral
carnal
wait who are we talking about
hahahahaahahahaha
https://scontent-b-atl.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t1.0-9/10384617_644244448984021_7388785656074947664_n.jpg
I'm so hot and bothered
as in
HAHAHAAHAHAHA
I'm going to fright-vomit and have #hotflashses
HAHAAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
visceral
mud-hands
visceral
gravel socks
slime crest
eating waffles
surry
podado
hi dere
guess wut
i need a blue iguana
and they have them at petco
wdat
so im trying to sell my gargoyle
so i can buy one
nao
no way
yes
i need one
dude they are 300 dollar axanthic iguanas
for 150 dollars
at petco
9 years ago .....a person named Jerry got dared to sleep in a house that was believed to be haunted. The next day his friends waited for him outside the house....They had to go inside and search for him. They went through every room but the attic. He wasn't suppose to sleep in the attic. He was suppose to sleep in the living room they went to the attic. They found Jerry's corpse and they left because they got scared. But that night all died because of their friend. He killed them all for making him sleep in the house if you don't send this to 11 comments you will die tonight by Jerry.Example 1: a man named stewart read this and didnt believe it. He shut off his computer and went through his day . That night while he was in bed he heard something out his door. He got up to look his dead now. Example 2:a girl named Haley read this in the morning and she got scared but didn't send it . She wanted to know if it was true. She went to school ( she was only 13 years old) and that night she died. If you dont post this to 11 comments tonight Jerry will 'visit' you and he isn't fake. Apparently if you copy and paste this to 11 comments in the next ten minutes you will have the best day of your life tomorrow. You will either get kissed or asked out, if you brake this chain you will see a little dead girl in your room tonight. In the next 53 minutes someone will say I love you or I'm Sorry
what in the hell hahahahaha
HAHAHA
the best thing that could happen to someone
and I'm quoting here
is that you will get "kissed" or "asked out"
I copied this from a 40 year old
lolol
so weird
im trying to hustle man
also i think we called trevor on his shit
he never answered chris OR me
and isnt at work this weekend
what was he really doing
hasnt said a word to us
damn it
like
When I don't wanna hang out
I at least say I'm not going to
I HATE when people do stuff like that
i know
its the worst trait someone can have haha
HAHA
I live with my mom I've got the best excuse in the world
you know that
hahahaha
but seriously
he could say
"i wanna take it easy tonight"
"no i dont feel like it today"
would have sufficed
or some other hippie jargon
and then
you would have been like
OK trevor, that's fine, see you some other time
ALL WOULD HAVE BEEN GOOD
yea he's just
he's gotta be just a mess
afraid of letting people down
but also but at communication
those suck in combination
it's funny though because now i still have josh to torture
i dont know if its good to have human play things
but it keeps me entertained
It's bad to think that you're that much better than people and vocalize it
not to actually do these things
haha
i mean, i dont necessarily think i am "better" than josh.  in his world im sure he thinks he is very cool.
in my world, he is wrong
reality is relative
in your reality all reality is relative
mind #fart
mind fart hahaha
dude how does one make 150 dollar
besides prostitution
in my experience
pawn a video game with all of your games
play the first third of a wedding
work a 16 hour shift
ask for money from everyone on hristmas
hahahahaha those are all great but poorly timed ideas
I know...
haha
hm...i could pawna  guitar lol
you're an addict
HAHA
haha
dude i am
it's like
your drug of choice
is either going to ruin your health, or empty your bank account
THANKS OABAMA
i have nothing to sell though, besides animals
darn
have josh
sign a contract
secretly
giving himself TO you
and then rent him out to gay bronys
HAHAHAHAHA
i think i may have called in a favor
tell me more
trying to sell this amazing little gecko i have to my glass blowing, leachie growing friend.  he really wants the gecko i have and i said he could have him for 150 because i just want the iguana haha
dude im dying hahahaha
lordmacbayne:  i sat in my car for like 4 hrs yesterday.
 me:  here?
 lordmacbayne:  no
at home
its like having a porch
lordmacbayne:  sit out side
top down
checking out some sirius
usually im close enough to use my wifis
so, checking out some pornos
listen to a baseball game
its quite nice actually.
MIDLIFE
MIDLIFE
What a sad life he leads
i know dude
Hey
yoyoyo
What's up yo
just got done taking care of animals
went to lunch with josh
now im kickin back
relaxin
Want 2 hang
yus, yus i do
OK cool
you comin herr?
I have $$ can you get me
yea give me a few minutes and i will
Ok
leaving now *blast off*
trtrevor messaged me to tell me you unfriended him lol
Oh god
Well I didn't like his posts
HAHAHAHA
Simple as that
yea
Haha
Nothing personal
thats really funny
hre has said nothing eldse
HAHA
oh shit
Qhat
"Or I fell out of your graces..."
Implying I unfriended him because you are finished with him
Okay
That's paranoid
Hahaha
Chill him out
wow hahaha
then he sent this face
:'(
no
wait
nan
that one lolol
HAHAAH
i dont know if he's being a sarcastic asshole
or what is happening
he hasnt said anything else
but he always responds slowly
I'm too tired to think straight
I'm going with original theory of paranoia because it fits his personality
hahaha
that does make sense
the abandonment thing
yep
i told him we've tried to get him to hang out
lol
you have
haha
many times
i dont know what his deal is
i think him sharing my photo
was him trying to get my attention
so id talk to him
or something
everyone is terrible D:
My mom took Marias e cig and vaped at me. She said "this tastes like vanilla. This weekend John and I will be vaping"
Help
Also
Why is everyone terrible
trevor has started straight up blowing us off and ignoring us.  like "ill see if i can come down later", and then no response to anything and just more excuses.  today he said hi to me a couple of times but made no effort to make plans or anything.  and then mike comes over and proceeds to tell me about how he relapsed on the best heroin he has ever seen in the state.  i just want to fall over and die.  why am i always being shit on by everyone?  i try so hard
people just run from me
and i cant believe all of this happened because you unfriended him.  it's like he was looking for an out.
WAIT
That escaladed
What
God damn
Dude he's not worth it he was totally looking for an out
What a jackass
why is he still talking to me at work, why is he still saying hi and bye, why is he still lying about coming over?
why cant people just say no?
i wish someone who wasnt me or you could talk to him
and try to understand whats happening
that dude wanted to be my new best work friend for a whole week, gets a car, and then just abandons me
this is my worst case scenario in a relationship
i guess youre working or whatever but im just hurt
Sorry
was running errands
it's okay to vent when I'm not replying
I still read it
Dude look at my status.... And then what Trevor said.  I could pull out my hair
can I say something really quick about this
There's something we may not have considered
He may be a huge ass hole
OR
Based on his past behavior, maybe he was just being incredibly paranoid. He may think YOU used HIM. He might not think you're genuine, because he doesn't think ANYONE is genuine. I.E. he's a little more ridiculous than you were prepared to deal with
You know that kind of would make sense. Why else would he ask if he has "fallen from my graces"
because he's a paranoid insecure mess
He thinks our government makes it rain
HAHAHAHA
why wouldn't he think you were untrue to him
He thinks exactly what you are thinking
If that is true
Then this IS a mess
I don't think he's an asshole, I just think he's kind of slow mixed with a lot of paranoid
he's a nice guy
lol
i mean think about what he said to you
He can identify because in his world you ARE doing thast to him
I don't see how I could be though. Explain?
You aren't
Well
In deleting him from my friends, which I really just meant to unfolllow him, I have created a mess
This isn't my fault, but I did start something
He assumes
that you were having a rough time with chris, used him to get through it, and are slowly pulling yourself away from him starting with me, next it will be chris, and then finally you'll be out of his life totally
the rough time with chris thing is just a theory, he could think you were using him for literally ANY reason.
He's a conspiracy theory guy who's super paranoid. He could just think you're a robot
Either way, me deleting him was the first sign that you used him and are now pulling away methodically
That's pretty well laid out.  I guess I can see that.  I'm trying to connect with him now on a "you're my friend, let me confide in you so you know I'm not pushing you away" type deal
dude
prepare to laugh
today
I burned myself
on a foreman grill
by grabbing it.
Prepared
Hahahahahaha
With your hands?
I hate myself
YES
I was making
a grilled cheese
with HAM in between the slices of cheese
and I cooked it in butter
forgot the grease trap
FREAKED OUT
and grabbed the top part of the grill
then screamed
grease everywhere
hand burning
hahahahaha im sorry thats so funny and sounds so terrible
is your hand okay?
grease burns?
hahaha
BUTTER BURNS
mrs. butterburns
dude im trying to sell so many animals right now
my car hurt us financially and it's just tough getting by
it's possible, but very very difficult
Damn
I'm sorry
I wish chris could work full time
The car
Yeah it makes things rough
But you aren't afraid of dying in it
yea im fully appreciative of it
chris starts school soon which is good
ive been trying to not miss any work but it's really hard to work 5 days a week without a break
especially when theres no one in my department, we're slammed, im the only one here, and im going through my own personal bullshit
I totally get what you're saying
It sounds rough
so i heard chad got his hand broken by a convulsing minor
Oh no
I'll find out tomorrow morning I guess haha
thats what he posted on FB at least haha
also, josh found and showed me chad's okcupid
i wish i had not seen it
OH NO
I WANT TO SEE IT
its like a bathroom photo of him in some little girl "aerie" brand striped panties
HAHAHAHAHA
"aerie"
OH NO
im assuming they are hahaha
PAAAANTIESSSSS
what an awful word
i hate that word
anyways
its like
the most ridiculous seductive trans photo i have ever seen
i laughed so hard
hahahaha I must find it
good luck dude
okcupid is a bitch to navigate
haha ok
which name is used
hahaha
i have no idea
try both
probably cas
funny story
another??
my sister has been getting all of this stuff randomly
and she never works
she has no money okay
haha
hahahaha
and she just placed a 30 dollar order at domnios
I FOUND
MY MOMS  CREDIT CARD NUMBER
WRITTEN ON A PIECE OF PAPER
I CALLED DOMINOS
they were like yeah she's ordered here twice today but many other times
i was like "the card is stolen, you can't authorize that"
WHY BASED GOD#
JAJAJAJAJAJAJA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i had to embarass myself
talking to the manager
YEAH
MY SISTER LIKES TO STEAL
I'M SORRY FOR THE TROUBLE
HAHAHAHAHAHA
i checked my moms online banking (she lets me do that to prevent this situations)
YOUR SISTER IS ENTERING HER ADULT PHASE
KLEPTOMANIA
SHE HAS DONE IT LIKE TWICE A DAY
FOR LIKE WEEKS
dude
she's been there
she was aprehended last year for stealing 600 bucks worth of shit from the mall
HAHAHAHA 600
stole a $1,000 ring from my mom lost it
$2000 bracelet
destroyed it
(my moms ONLY two pieces of nice jewelry)
broke her mirror
her door
here's the kicker
she's a monster
the 600 dollar mall heist
WAS ALL FROM JC PENNY
HOW WHAT HOW WHY
I DONT FUCKING KNOW
HAHAHAHA
but
my mom told me
thats insanity
that when the cop called her to the mall
she's the next hannibal lectur
maria LITERALLY
but a whore instead of a doctor
SEDUCED the security guy and cop
and they let her off
with NOTHING
not even a ban from the mall
HAHAHAHA
SHE IS A SOCIOPATH
SHE IS A MONSTER
HAHAHAHAHA
I caught her reading the card number from the notes in her phone
i was like
THATS HOW YOUVE BEEN MAKING PURCHASES
YOU SHIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTT
*kicks her belongings down the steps*
hahahahahahHAHAHAHA
thats so funny
hahahahaha
oh so
cool thing happened
Ok
let's hear it
dude from the biggest gecko related radio show asked me to pimp his show and he'll pimp my business, and if i start calling into the show and getting to know him im positive he'll have me on the show
gecko nation radio
look it up bro
*GOOGLING*
do eeeet
haha
anyways ill be heard BY THE MASSES
because i actually know my shit
*hunter receives call*
"hello"
*clears throat*
"we need you to be an expert witness on our latest reptile attack case"
*reluctantly agrees*

*courthouse, queens, 1993. black and white*
"This is our expert witness hunder"
*the crowd goes wild*
"a leopard gecko cannot kill a human baby"
*INNOCENCE* 
*the jury vapes*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
please paste that
on my wall
just because
its beautiful
ok
who is michele sultan
gecko person
in chicago
they all have weird senses of humor hahaha
0 0k
YES
awesome
haha
because what I just said
despite its humor
is VERY weird
oh without a doubt hahaha
oh yas hunder
THE JURY VAPES
hahahaha
im watching curb yer enthusiasm
my mom wouldn't stop smoking that  e cigarette
and drinking "arbor mist" wine
or more like
ARBOR MIST
arbor mist "wine"
hahaha
hahahaha
hahahaha
yes
humor#
laffs
#lol
oh my god
my cousin just posted
well her husband has been very sick
but this is still funny
HAHAHAHHA
" I have a praise report! "
and she started updating everyone on his condition
oh god i hate that
I HAVE A PRAISE REPORT
sick people should be put on pause until they are better or dead
unless you need a praise report
well
i dont
so
SO...
ya know
tthis storm
is terrifying me
i hope there's a tornado and things get destroyed
for one second i won't wish that i wasn't here
my animals D:
because that's interesting
wtf hahahaha
its scary
I like it. I wish I was driving in it
#hand
no dude i had like 20 ft visibility
it is bad out
last night at work
I had to
the water is coming through our ceiling a bit
I HAD TO
we need to moce
what
what
hhahaha
I had to drive two people to two different ERs in the storm
I almost killed myself and everyone in the car
WHY
it was bad out
WELL
what had happened
well
One lady was asleep all day, and the doc comes in to do physicals
and she has bone sticking out of her hand
the other lady
was like
WOAH
WOAH
HOLD UP
"I got bit by a dog two weeks ago and did nothing about it." her leg was black and had pus coming out of it
SHE HAD A BONE STICKING OUT OF HER HAND
yes
she claims a plastic surgeon messed her up
I don't believe that
thats just so
insane
like
wow
hahahahaha
but the point is i drove in this god awful shit
I stepped in a river of water
it went half way up my shin
hahahaha
i was so depressed leaving work
people were running around
"help"
"rein"
and i slowly walked to my car
at the other end of the lot
lololol
also that thunder
do you hear that?
YES
and no
headphones
REIN
hahaha
reining blerd
8god8
i have to go cower from the storm
i am dog
bai
double u!
hey
so for tinley we are leacing the 11th, staying the night that night, and driving back ont he 12th?
leaving
a soft sweaty egg
what
i figured out the cost.  the gas will be 60 there, and 60 back.  the hotel costs 140, we booked a new one.  so without food, split down the middle, the cost for each of us is 150 dollars for the whole trip.  so that plus food money is what you'll need saved.
bella tried to brake up with me last night
I need help
what
what happened?
she didn't
then she said it was the right decision not too
and I offered her space
and she said no
come over tomorrow like you said
and now she's like
I want space again
.....
is she talking to a dude?
because if he is giving her mixed signals, she will also give you mixed signals
I don't think so
I asked her if she was
that's also a very good point
but I feel so sick
I'm constantly downplaying my relationship with her as a defense mechanism so i don't get hurt
but look what good that's done
in this case i will tell you, if something does happen it is a door closing and a window opening.  everything happens for a reason, everything falls into place, etc etc.  i have known this to be true.
She said she's like...been noticing how "different" we are lately. I was like I've noticed that our entire relationship and kind of think it's an okay thing
Like she has severe OCD and tends to obsess
but I don't know if she was obsessing
or didn't want to tell me the real reason
could be a classic chris and hunter scenario
see how similar it is
lol
yep
god
tell her that you need to know exactly what the issue is
if she cant tell you, that's bad
it's the same one I was struggling with
On paper we aren't a good match.
well
are you only upset by it because she is the one pulling away and not you?
because it seems like this is something you would do, but you would make it painless
god you know me
here's what I think
I think I've been emotionally distant
she sensed it
and did the same thing
and Now I want to try
but it's like
she claims i didn't do anything differently than I've always done
like I haven't been acting differently at all
does that mean I'm great without the capacity to be bad, or just bad
it sounds to me like youre not the problem at all
you havent changed
you got a job for christ sakes
I know
now is not the time to doubt you
she has issues man
you're so right
I mean
I was thought I didn't have to worry about my relationship
she is dating a future doctor.  if she is trying to break it off there are some ISSUES
because everything else in my life is so hard
school
work
my family is a mess
but I could always count on my relationship being good
right
I don't have the extra emotional strength sometimes
Sometimes I'm just drained
dude ive been drained for weeks
i knwo the feels
know
it's an awful feeling
YOU KNOW HOW
you can SENSE weird feelings
by how someone types
like
i feel pretty much the same emptiness and confusion right now, but over a less significant person
yes
lack of punctuation
ect
right
hrm
has she started going somewhere new?
Not at all
She's just started trying to rationalize our relationship
which honestly
I'm okay with
because it just means she thinks like someone who's curious
like this doesn't add up
why is this happening
but like
I am kind of over that
because relationships tend to not make sense
well yea if you observe "happy" long relationships, the people generally are quite different and dont really like each other that much anymore hahaha
its not about love
it's about strategy and having someone to help you
it's kind of about love
it sort of is
but mainly about dependance and commitment
I just have that feeling in my stomach
like when someone is about to tell you bad news specifically that one
and it won't go away
yea i know that sickness
well
do you want to hang out after work?
i dont want you alone and sad
Yes. but I also have work in the morning
which sucks
at 7 am
SUCKS
=///
well that's okay
we can still hang out
will you be driving or will you require a driver?
i just like
Here's something you should know
tell meh
if she says I do want you to come over, I am not going to hangout with you. That's just how I am today, and I can not control it.
oh i understand that dude
no hard feelings on that
My main issue right now
is that I know I've done nothing wrong
she tells me that I do everything right
and I know I do
she says she loves me
and she doesn't want to break up with me
and after all of this
she is still questioning our relationship
well you always want to question things
eh
i dont know, this is so relatable to me right now
but not when there isn't anything left to question
that's true
im assuming you wont go through her stuff and see for yourself
i would only do that in dire crisis mode
I won't.
I wouldn't do that at all.
I couldn't.
Two reasons
First, I respect her too much and would rather her share things with me on her own. and two, if I did find something i didn't like I would be so miserable
chris always says that but he looks anyways sometimes
he does find things that make him ill sometimes
and that's only because of his issues
Exactly
That's why privacy is privacy
i still cant figure out this trevor thing
last night i straight up asked him whats up
i sent him this:
ok
lets see
"dude i apologize if im out of line but is there a reason that we havent hung out since you got your ride?  i know you have been limited in what you can do but it's like we were all having fun together one day, the next day there's no interaction at all.  im incredibly confused."
and then he proceeded to tell me WHY he was busy, everything he had done since he left work, emphasized that he has almost no money even on payday, and said he is cooking dinner
but
basically nothing has changed
i mean
basically
correct
he is still "liking" my FB stuff, and talking to me at work
but so far, that's it
i ant him to tell me what went wrong
what i did
because i cant keep asking him to hang out
and i have a feeling itll not happen again
and it makes me very sad
i know
i thought he was a good friend
i know. i did too
i hope i didnt offend him or something
if you did
he wasn't really offended
it was just like
him
over thinking something
you probably weren't even offensive
when chris told trevor that he thought i had a crush on him, trevor said something like "dont worry, hunter isnt my type anyways" and that sort of hurt.  felt like he was saying im fat.
like that way that old people say things about poor people when you know the wanted to say black people
but dude i dunno
maybe he was just being a standup guy
i dont know, every time i ask him to hang out, he explains why he cant, or he ignores me, but he never says "how about tomorrow?" or anything
oh so he doesn't even do the fake offer thing
which tells me
maybe he is busy
maybe he's not blowing you off
yea he halfway fake opffers, sometimes
but not full on plans that he breaks
i mean a fake offer means you've got ulterior motives
no fake offer means too busy to come up with one
hmmm that's true
either too busy
or he genuinely decided he doesnt like me
which is the one im afraid of
that's the one everyone is afraid of
ive asked several times if he's upset with me, and he always says no
but he may not be upset, he may just be indifferent
every day i just sit here and wait to see if he reaches out
im testing him
but i have no control
which i dont like
if i've learned anything
testing people always ends up bad
it works in the begining
always
haha
josh is obsessed with me officially
he ran over here the other day to tell me, as if i needed to know, that he was going to be out of town for the week
and he's been sending me photos
hahaha
oh no
he's at the zoo and is telling me about the komodo dragon
hes with his family, man
and talking to me
that's kinda sad
i dont even initiate conversations anymore
and when we went to lunch he was way happy to be there lol
he asked after lunch if i wanted coffee
and i said no
and right after he goes SAY YES
im like ugggghhh...okay?
thats so weird dude
i dont even know
i like him because he likes me
and he follows my lead
like a dog
it's always good to have leverage
yeah I getcha
if i could read some of what bella is saying to you i could probably decipher it in some way
i speak girl
why would she be upset right now
she says she's so upset and cant calm down
help
she's upset with herself
not you
it's very obvious that the problem is completely on her end
you just have to figure out what it is
could be her mom, could be her, could be another dude
could be distance even
or maybe she sees your life standards and doesnt feel the need to live up to them
she wants me to come over, but she doesn't know if that would be good for me?
man
she's pulling away
she thinks it wouldnt be good for because
I'm gonna die
she is trying to pull away and she doesnt want you to come over and get even more involved just for it to blow up and end in flames
god
no
im not trying to be terrible, im just trying to clarify from experience
I can't handle this
I know
i could be wrong
I just
I can't
=[
this is the part where you have to become your own person and think about yourself and not the relationship
evaluate your needs and what's best for you
it's your life, you need to control it
you have to remember, as i often do sometimes, that there was life before this person.  this person is not your entire life.  you are your life.
so if things do sour, come out of it ready to continue living your life
The Majestic Happy Chicken-Footed Spiny-Backed Slime Devil.
I am at bellas
how's that?
Dude what's up?
So everything is fine now
Thanks to an odd series of events
But my dad is living in a 15000 square foot home, my sister is abusive to my family and is compulsively shop lifting,  and I can stop having panic attacks
woooah lolol
why does he have a mansion
and i knew about your sister
and stop having panic attack, take pills for it
PILSS
I took 2 mg of valium and xanax and my palms keep sweating
I am panicking in the sense that you do
oh i see, so full mental panic as well
world is ending, spiraling, spiraling
I have these weird blue spots on my body a mole that's clearly not cancerous but I'm convinced I was abducted by aliens and in laughing reading this
HAHAHAHA OH GOD what type of ""blue spots"
you know panic can make that shit appear
hahaha
No they've always been there
I just became obsessed with then
yes i do that
do you work tomorrow?
They look like blue freckles or where led went in my skin
And yes
well what time?
7-3 but bella is coming over tomorrow night because we recently had this weird resurgence in our relationship of some sort and I'm not sure why but okay
I typed a lot to say so little
Jesus
Lol
what happened with that hahaha
chris and i always have "resurgences"
Let me put laundry in and get my laptop so I can explain
okay haha im leaving to go "hangout with trevor" (said sarcastically) so i may not be able to respond quickly
ok so basically
She wanted a break, tried it for one day, and she called me super upset because she wanted to see me. Obviously she just wanted to try it to see what life was like without me, ie whether it was better, but I guess it's not even for 24 hours. I hope. But we just started hanging out like nothing happened, and then this old lady like thought we were married at kroger, and gave us relationship advice and gave this weird what I'm assuming bella interpreted as "cosmic" perspective where she was like "if you've been together 4 years 55 isn't that hard" and I was like whoa that was weird but everything seems to be back to normal now
HAHAHA such an odd series of events
but im glad everything worked out
yay!
lolol
me too. The thing with the old woman was so convenient she probably thinks I paid her off
hahaha
LOL
maybe you did
*shhhhhh*
cosmic
hahaha
when you say something is cosmic it sounds crazy
but
i believe in some of that shit
I do to an extent
I believe that if certain things didn't happen, certain other things wouldn't
exactly
it's just
weird energy that sometime spushes things a certain way
or connects things
recently ive been having a ton of "i just learned about tihs thing today, and im seeing/hearing about it from another person on the same day" type thing
like, what are the chances
I had a dream I had a tortoise called a "gorilla tortoise" and it was giant and had skin like bark. It was also infected with bugs. Today on my windshield, I watched the same kind of bug taunt me with its tendrils as I drove and almost died on the interstate staring it down as it gazed into my face.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
that tortoise sounds disturbing
dude
IT HAD BARK SKIN
IT WANTED TO LIKE CUDDLE UP TO ME
I WAS SO AFRAID I CRIED
hahahahahahaha
NO TORTOISE
matt was like CHECK OUT SPOT
I WAS LIKE NOOOOO
I LOVE YOU BUT YOURE A MONSTER
yes matt was in this
SPOT
it was his
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
MATT HAD A BARK TORTOISE THAT WAS INHABITED BY INSECTS
WHAT IS MATT EVEN DOING
IS HE HIGH
HAHAHAHA
y'all niggas playin
psh
bitch i might b
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THATS MY FAVORITE SAYING
some type of way
That one has become sensationalized for no reason and I actually used to say that
Lolol
I heard it in a song first, then it became a meme, and then everything exploded from feeling a type of way
Exactly it's funny but now you can't just say it normally
Fuckin pop culture shit
I AM THE OPPOSITE OF POP CULTURE
I AM GOD DRAPED IN THE REGALIA OF KINGS
*out performs patches in the operating room*
oh god hahahaha
sorry i was "socializing"
https://scontent-b-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/t1.0-9/10365828_648829271858872_3628588793418031327_n.jpg 

sweet dreams
HAHAHAHA
Dude so yesterday bella attempted to break up with me again, but decided again that she didn't want to and said she gets these random overwhelming feelings mid-day that tell her 'everything is wrong'... and I stayed over. What is going on with my life.
Dude you have a girlfriend with BPD
Get used to this lol
It's not her fault
You think so
It would make sense
I mean her mom is pretty awful
I dunno
nan
dude buy me one
hahaha
i have been wanting one of those forever
and now they have them here, and at half market price
but i still owe 100 on my rent, that i dont have
They are beautiful
i want one so fucking bad
we were going to build an enclosure for it and everything
out of pvc and mesh wire
Damn dude
yea
i am dying for one
haha
but i cant sell these fucking snakes
which is good because now that im selling them im firm in my decision to not breed them
because i couldnt sell them if i did lol
Haha I wonder why
people here have no money and im not trying to ship snakes everywhere
see with cresteds you can lower the price, sell babies for 50 bucks, whatever
anything over 100 dollars is expensive to these people
OH okay i get that
dude i found 2 more eggs from nitemare this morning
her first eggs are due to hatch next month
Awesome
those will be 300 dollar babies
if not more
jesus im so bored
theres no work
I am tiref
I made the mistake of taking a nap today
oh no lol
tired for the rest of the day
Wake up sweaty and confused, get nothing done all day because of ONE NAP, the whole nine yards
yes sweaty, the whole 9
hahahahaha
Hahahahaha

oh god lololol
i dont know why i never downloaded emojis again
It's in there
*droid*
"it's in there"
"Like a surgeon,  milked for the very first time"
-gender neutral, pregnant patches to Dr barb
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
you cuold milk a surgeon if the surgeon is a cat
also a person but
THATS TOO FAR
And is female
Unless they have a duct blockage
Go ahead
Hate me forever
*laughs maniacally*
hahahaha ducts
ooooh a terrible word
GLANS
MY GLANDS ARE SWOLLEN
*god no stop*
glans
not glands
lolol
Oh god like
The body part
I thought there was a typo situation here
Oh no
OH NO
GLANS
GLANS
GLANS
MOOOO
I mean no
Holy god
Hahahahahahaha
hahahahaa
MILK THE COW
MILK IT
BEFORE IT GETS AWAY
BUT DR BARB
IM NOT A DR HENRY
BUT I MAY BE YOUR LAST CHANCE OUTTA HERE
what the hell is that from
your sick mind?
hahahahaha
My insane mind
HAHA
my mom started emailing me
Oh no
saying weird things and trying to pry into my life
Emailing alone is desperate
she sent me a photo of trailer park boys when we were there, me and chris in front of the marquee, and said "i remember this"
and i said "what about it are you remembering?"
and she said
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Omg
SHE SAID
Hunter,

The photo, the show and the beginning of your courtship
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
COURTSHIP
courtship
further affirming that she thinks she is a valid part of my relationship with chris
Which is insane
She takes responsibility
yep
and then i said to her
Oh I'm not sure if you actually cancelled the hotel date you reserved for us or not, but please do if you haven't yet.   Thanks.
recently ive been playing this pikachu game.  you know the one, pokepark.  yes, well...let me tell ya a little story....
She is like a 72 oz steak of crazy. Too much sauce,  vomitting, tears. Just connect these metaphorically however you'd like
Okay tell me
hahhahahahahahaa
i had no story, i was just talking like an old prospector
HAHAHAHA
jesus
lolol
i got past where i was stuck
now i can finish the game
and play POKEPARK 2
i want a wii u
so i can play yoshi's wooly world
ITS YOSHI STORY BUT WITH WOOL
Don't we all kind of
we're waiting for the next price drop and until they crack the firmware
so we can buy the system and get the game online
Sounds like a good plan
it's all about the plan stan
listen man
i got some flan
imma eat that shit right out the pan
stick in some yams
bam bam bam
guacamole
Cram cram cram
" is it in ?
crumpvch
hahahaha
omg have you seen
That's one of the funniest combos of words
have you seen the "how to" videos on youtube?!?!
Yes lol
They are pure shit
noooo
hahahaha
theyre ridiculous
and gross
and funny
And never show you ANYTHING PRO PERKY OMG
Or Properly
Wtf phone
pro perky
is that lol
nevermind
hahahaha
A campaign for women with perky breasts
It isn't
are you suuuure?
Dude idk. My phone says what it says
Haha
My spell check is different when I use all caps
im on FB so much on a pc that i hardly text
i hate my phone so much
Phones are a murder sermon
need some shirts? here
http://www.rageon.com/collections/paul-ribera
Holy shit those are horrifying renditions of my childhood
yes
chris sent me that
lol i have an anaconda now
Is that legal lol
for now
depending on sex
it could get 8 feet
or 13 feet
also i think if it becomes illegal to have him i can be grandfathered in
i would only want that if i can tame it down
i hope you see trevor fighting me on my status
i hope you can see that shit
calling me an animal flipper for christs sakes
he is so afraid to actually say what he is thinking
is that a government thing
hahahahaha
no he's just retarded
he tricked me and stole money from me too
he asked us to grab him 2 live mice at the pet store and he would come by later and get them
then he came by to get them, said "ill pay you tuesday", and left
i heard about that shit
not cool
then tuesday he comes up to me telling me he has 10 dollars to his name
then you cant have animals
if you cant afford their care
and last night, when i was trying to get him to let me take the snake, he was saying "i want to sell it right now!"
that's like abusive
iit's neglect
dude what is he talking about
is he for real MR
im going to lose it
im going to lose my shit
ignore him
just delete all his comments
therefore
his opinion is invalid
i want to call him out though
for being a liar
who cares
stop caring
just eliminate his opinion
he doesn't even make any sense
haha
you just COULDNT resist HAHAHA
no i couldnt
of course not
fuck that guy
shh hunder
obama is lisdening
HAHAHAHAHA
LANGOOGE
i cant believe he is fighting with me while sitting behind me
what a pussy
HUNDER
OBAMDER
HUNDER
lolol
how many more times should I expect bella to try and break up with me
is it gonna be the issue still there, without the trying to break up with me
or will it probably be continuous
well dude i dont know
i couldnt tell you the answer to that even if it were concerning me and chris
its all circumstantial
I figured
I just figured i'd give it a shot
haha
well i mean
its been twice now
she should be good for at least awhile lol
I just want to remain happy
not walk on eggshells
And there is no answer to anything
i know
i almost feel guilty for doing this to you because i did it to chris
Can't you not even have anacondas outside of cali?
or am i wrong?
and now ims eeing the effect it had on him
yeah
i understand your point
But like i dunno what chris's response was
but I'm going all out
trying way too hard
to make sure things are going fantastically
hm
i mean, the only thing to do is ride it out
see what happens
and i know that's the most terrible thing to do
i hate it too
It is
its the easiest and hardest option
But you're right
If I just ride it out there will be some normalcy
yes some form of it
I've addressed it as much as I can
So that part is done
dude so it's crazy, and sorry to derail, but
in one fucking FB post
trevor is not my friend anymore
HAHA
Dude
What is his deal
i dont know but he acts like a child
he is seriously so fucking stuck up for someone with so little
He is
But his arugmwnt
I wasn't following it
Qhat was it
he is saying that im treating the snake badly
because it bit me
twice
and he had it for like an entire hour before i picked it up, and it NEVER BIT HIM so I MUST BE MEAN TO IT
What does he even know
Who cares
HE KNOWS NOTHING
Dude I'm so bored I'm dying
i'm so sad I'm dying. I can not be happy for five minutes.
What happened? :/
nothing
I was going to go to bellas
and without reason she said she hasn't showered or anything and it's not a good time. but like, she's been working on making jewelry for festivall since early this morning and last night, so she's busy, but it upsets me. She said tomorrow after work might be better but I have plans tomorrow night, and then i said saturday and she said "yeah"
I can't stop obsessing
it could literally be just her wanting to be alone
hrm...
i doubt theres a person causing this
i dont think she has anyone secret at her house
I don't either.
have you talked to her mom? as bad as that sounds you could get some easy insight that way.  her mom can say things to tip you off
Her mom
well
her family adores me
i dunno
i don't know what the bias would be
thats what im saying
or like
her family would obviously prefer that she stays with you
that much is for sure
well if i'm ever over there again
i'll ask
it's just
i keep getting tossed around
hm
so she just seems disconnected?
yes a little
but like
compared to this morning or even last night
she seems disconnected
i feel like i shouldnt offer my opinion because shes sounding like me when im just totally over a situation
i don't deserve this
but i don't know what i'll do if it goes away
i'd rather be treated poorly than not at all
i know the feeling, why do you think i was with (insert terrible ex's name here)?
we're codependent people
like
i've never broken up with anyone
ever
Even when I'm going to
the other person always does it first
and like in this situation
everything in my relationship seemed to be fine
well right now everything doesnt seem top be fine
im sure from your view it does
I know it's not
youre probably trying to overlook so key facts and behaviors
but It's hard to believe it isn't
*some
its just
if this were even a two year relationship
like if she had ended it right before college
but this has been going on almost four years just as it had in the first 6 months
I want to know so badly what changed
i wonder all of the time the same thing
keep in mind that we are young
bella is even younger
and we should be drifting out of 3 month to two year relationships
it cuold be her young brain telling her to not commit to something for forever and she's afraid
that's what we should be doing in terms of relationships
it could be
i am just so sick of hearing "I want to be with you forever" when it's not going to happen
it's not like we've talked about getting married or anything
that's ridiculous
but we had plans for after school
like why even say it
you havent talked about it at all?
that's nweird
We haven't crossed that bridge yet
girls normally want to look forward to getting married when theyre with a guy they like for a long time
they usually jump the gun about it as well
and kids and stuff
bellas very...independent
I didn't expect her to be all into talking about that
independent? or non committal?
independent
okay
hm
she is all feminist about marriage
i think
which is fine
I don't need that shoved in my face
it can make things like whats happening right now much harder
hahaha "feminism"
sorry
but
i dont know, how do you realistically see things turning out?
because you and i both know you can see into the future
Honestly?
yes
She's going to talk to guys, and think she wants to break up for the next month, and then realize that they aren't anywhere as good as I am and stop doing it. I am going to suffer immensely. She might cheat on me. But I don't think it's going to "end" unless I am unable to take it any longer.
that's a realistic view.  i have a suggestion.  right now she has all the power and doesnt know what to do with it, she's like a confused child.  take the power back so that she has time to think.  she feels guilt.  break up with her for a day or two, let her think about the relationship without any hang ups
That's such a good suggestion
but I can't
are you afraid she wont come back?
because i think she will
I actually tried to get us to take a "break" and she was so opposed to it
I just
I don't know if I have the emotional strength to even suggest it
so?  youre opposed to her games.  youve been so accepting in dealing with her being like this.  you should do something to fix it, and i think thats what it would take
chris has done it to me
twice
I'm like a puppy someone has kicked in the road. I've been in bed all week, aside from when I'm with her. I don't know if I can do ANYTHING at this point but wait
Here's the thing
If I did do that
there's still this small part of her that doesn't want this
it could win
That's not a chance I'm willing to take
I'm going to be selfish.
theres a chance of that, but that part is so small and insignificant that the worst i could see happening is her hooking up with a guy, remembering how shitty guys are, and getting back with you
you have a point
I mean to be frank
No one else would put up with what she is doing to me right now.
It would already be over.
She's lucky that I have as much patience as I do, which I don't feel like is a lot more than most people
I just want definitive answers
youre the chris here.  so do what chris did.  break it off and let the reality sink in, let her be afraid
I want to know what to be upset about
also if you break up for a few days, youre very likely to see what she's hiding
if anything
she's become really good friends with that bradley legg guy
but
I did look at her phone when she got a text  the other day, and saw the names of her conversations
but his name was not there.
just the usual friends that I know
if his name was not there at all and theyre really good friends
that is suspicious
see
I don't know how good of friends they are
they snap chat a lot
they just became friends like a couple weeks ago
sending photos to someone usually establishes a solid friendship
they always suspsciously favorite selective tweets
like
just like to establish how much thye have in common?
I dunno
I don't even really tweet that much
but what makes me mad
SO MAD
is this guy looks like a dirty rodent, has nothing going for him, and acts like a prissy girl on the internet
In most situations, she wouldn't even want to be acquaintances with this guy
i told you he looks like zach pauley
please stop ignoring the fact that she got with him
and HE is trash
you need to keep that in mind
it's important
wait who is trash
haha
i mean she dated zach pauley for a couple years
she did dude
and you know, that was a rocky dramatic romance
something someone with BPD wants but doesnt need
I do know.
yeah i see your point i see your point
but that begs the question
sounds like she's on a self destructive streak or something, needs change, needs to feel something
why has everything been solid up to this point
yeah you sound right
whats really weird about BPD is you hate feeling the way you do but you have to have something that makes you feel some way
you want to feel SOMETHING
so if being with another guy is exciting and fun but also painfulk, she would deal with the pain just for something different
and that's where i think the guilt comes in
that is a good explanation
but There's no way of knowing 100%
so I can't act based on assumptions
ya know?
I have to wait to understand more
waiting is a good idea as well
either wait or break up with her
so wait
lol
it's like
why is everything so good when I'm there
like nothing has changed basically
her mom is like giving me a piece of furniture for my apartment
and like
nothing seems different
then I leave.
this makes sense too
when im not with chris is when the fights happen
it's easier to vent emotionally over text
and that causes problems
but here's the thing
she doesn't vent through text
or phone call
she just will say like
"come over"
and we talk in person
and everything calms down
Being away from me like causes this problem where
she gets lost in her thoughts or something
at worst
she has told me she doesn't know what she wants
yep
this sounds like me
she's going to see a therapist monday
because it's like
BUG HER PERSON
MAKE A TAPE
she's so happy when she's with me, and she's all "I'll get my shit straightened out I promise" as if everything she's said is meaningless and emotionally driven
HAHA a tape
everything she said is emotionally driven but only slightly meaningless
it's meaningless because it's coming from her fears and out of nowhere
but it does mean real life consequences if she doesnt straighten it out
here's what I told her
i said
If you wanted to end this, you'd have done it the first time you said you were going to. It would have been incredibly difficult, but in situations like this people always say it because they know it's what they want no matter how challenging it is. If you want space, I can give you space, if you want time, I can give you time. But, I'm not going to just go away if you don't know whether or not you want me to. You need to really think hard about this.
something like that
thats good
much more level headed than chris
when I have these conversations with her
I go into friend mode
and become really objective
I can separate reason and emotion pretty easily
right
but after I do it I'm not happy about it
because it's like
her friends are all so superficial
she has NO ONE to talk to about this but me
which isn't the best thing
but it's not the worst
i can relate lol
well
i dont know, i guess just wait
it's not fair that she's keeping you waiting but it's what she's doing and you dont want to end it
so just endure what you can
I can endure it
but it ultimately NEEDS to lead to something
right, i understand that
im really terrible at decision making
because I am so depressed and fatigued and I can't do this forever
she is too
she can't even decide what icecream to get at the grocery store.
however i think that the fact that you two dont really rely on each other for food and shelter will help your situation no matter what happens
like it's an issue.
I think that holds some truth
we can have space when we want it
well that and if you break up you wont be worried about where youre living now
which would hapopen with me
happen
that's true.
Which sucks
my issue is
chris starts school next month and in a year he can start getting certifications so finally ill be able to quit this fucking place
I am comfortable and happy with what I have now
dude that's awesome!
but I am comfortable and happy now. However if this does end i wont know what to do. The last girl I had to "talk to" was 15. I'm not equipped to deal with adult human beings.
hahahaha
like If i had to start over and see other people whenever that would happen
I don't think I have the social skills
it's so hard to find smoeone you can deal with 24/7
because people as a whole are terrible and should all die
Which is my point exactly
and I don't think I'd be able to put myself through looking again
because people in their 20s...they're way different. and usually awful people
I am happy where I am
well you know youre only 20 and this is not the prime time of your life.  it is, but this is a good period of time where mistakes matter slightly less.  as long as youre going to school and headed in some sort of finite path, everything else is icing
that's true
but it's like
my relationship has always been the easiest part of my life
we didn't really fight much
we were honest with eachother
happy
like it required almost no effort
everything else in my life requires A LOT of effort
which made my situation ideal
right, fully understood
i hate having to deal with relationship issues
i have enough on my plate as it is
right?
and I haven't actually HAD relationship issues since
what
2010
haha
i dont even know what they are anymore
lol let me give you some perpective possibly from bella's view.  i cant speak for her, but i can explain how i feel about a very similar situation
okay
sure
i feel like if i could make it on my own i would, and i want to more than anything.  i am angry with myself that i require another person to succeed and it makes me sort of bitter.
i feel like i committed maybe too early
i didnt get the teen out of my system
and that kind of makes me resentful
im in this forever now
and i know this is probably tghe best thing for me
but i dont necessarily find it ideal
That is a good explanation that might match up
like you said
she is younger than me
which ALSO plays a big factor
with what you just said
yes
now im not saying i know thats how she feels
but thats how i feel
I understand
and that would make sense for anyoen to feeel
she still lives with her mom so i dont know how much that is effecting her
remember, my mom barged into my house to interject in my relationship with chris
her mom doesnt have to, she's right there all of the time
she could be telling her all sorts of things that she's doing wrong
but dude her mom has an IQ of about 79...She's not super influential
also that's a guess
but I think I'm close
hahahaha
let me just say one more time though, just for a second, how upset i am that trevor is so fucking retarded and such an ingrate
im going to have to text him later and be like, i regret giving you anything
i want my money
youre a shitty person
dude
he's a nutcase
why would he be so ungrateful
it's as if you never did anything for him
who knows man
RIGHT
and he showed you reptiles
i have done EVERYTHING to help him
i took his fucking dog to the vet
the dogs he cant manage
you did
i should call the humane society on him or something
he cant care for those dogs
ive seen him get rough with them too
like loud and rough, scary
chris and i both looked at each other like you would if you saw someone beating a child but knew it wasnt your place to say anything
yesterday he was talking about the government breaking up the storm in the valley
and i said "mountains do that"
he was like, well maybe mountains do something but they cant do much
and i said
"look at desserts.  theyre dry because of mountains"
I told you he was insane
He doesn't understand life
of course it's the goddamn mountains
hahhaha
hahahahahaha
like
OK
maybe the government does do fucked up shit
i hate him now dude
but the size of the machines required to change weather
he said i was "mean" to a snake
WE WOULD SEE THOSE IN WEST VIRGINIA
WHAT MOTIVATION DO I HAVE TO BE MEAN TO A SNAKE
did you read that full last comment?
*PROFIT*
you are money
yes i did
i would appreciate if you would offer a response
i responded and he never said anything
I'm not going to feed his delusions that I hate him
just be like, youre fucking crazy, hunter and chris are the best witrh reptiles, they did everything for you, hunter took your dog to a vet
Otherwise,
they wouldn't be delusions anymore
and the fun is gone
dammit
i need someone to be able to publically say to him
YOURE AN ASSHOLE
no
he won't grasp why
it's pointless
he's out of our universe dude
he's on a level somewhere else
he doesn't understand
he wouldn't
that's why I said to just ignore it earlier
hahaa
so do i just go on with life and never speak to him again?  because he sits right fucking behind me
why would he start an argument with someone he works near
what a fucking idiot
you could get over this fight and resolve it with him
just pick his brain about why he said all that
you know
in person
haha
im going to
and if he keeps being an asshole
ill tell him my thoughts
but i really do need to know
WHY
i would be mean to a snake
i think he's gone but im not sure
dont want to turn around
this effects my work =/
then don't think about it right now
how does this sound
"can you please tell me why you think i would be mean to the snake?"
i have already said im confused like 3 trimes
sounds just fine
maybe he needs further clarificath
hahahahaha
cath
got too lzy 2 tpe
we get outta h3re
w/e but with a "/"
the laziest form of whatever
w/e
w/e
we
we
we
okay he's gone
gotta message him now
i sent
"Maybe I'm just incredibly confused and we are on two different pages but why do you think I would hurt that snake?"
thats pretty clear
I wanted to ask why he would say I'm being shady but he's got such a terrible unsightly temper
yeah
the wording you chose was fine
I feel like I can talk to just about anyone successfully.  You just have to know how they will react to what you say. I know if I asked why he was being a dick he would automatically have a reason to be a dick
yea
much social skills
And meanwhile he's posting passive aggressive statuses.  Woah, much adult.
no!
Instead of replying to my messages he's commenting again
"I am sorry I was a dick. But it was all funny look at crazy conspiracy trevor. You can delete my shit if you want but im not"
Wat
that's what he said to me
I fully understand how to help you with your problems
but I can not understand how to deal with my own
what is that bout
about
well it's because your problem is more convoluted
you dont have all the info
can I get your perspective on something
yus
why would bella be keeping me so involved in her life if she was actually going to break up with me? Like talking to her mom about letting me have a piece of furniture, and even her grandparents. If this is so painful a choice why would she want to keep me attached to her in so many ways? does  she actually plan on doing it?

Yes, I know these are rationalizations and none of this is rational. Do not tell me that haha.
well i think that she doesnt even know what she's doing, like i said before.  she isn't dead set on anything so she isn't going to fully push you away.  she is being distant but she hasnt actually pushed you away.  she doesnt know.
okay that makes sense
so she isn't fully committing either way
type of thing
ok
right
she is confused
and stuck
i was suggesting you make a move, because she wont, and break up with her
because she isnt going to actually DO anything
I am such a rational person and I strive for a single reason that she feels we aren't working
I have picked her brain about this
and it's just like
rationalizations that I'VE MADE  to YOU about the differences between us
it's almost as if
she's over reacting to things like finding other people attractive, or noticing that we are pretty different people.
Yes, I know. Rationalizations
i wish i knew bella better so i could help more
but i really dont know her
I know
I just need to vent
because I am having a very hard time, and I am not used to feeling this way
i know how you feel haha
i do this to you
vent away
ya just gotta
you do. haha
put feelings into words
If you don't it only makes things worse
this is part of the reason i talk to josh.  i always feel like you feel right now.
I hate when it's so easy to read people you can do it through texts
like
hahaha yea
you can read what they say
and go
ok
instead of no they said "nah" which is clearly more passive than no, and they've left out capitalization and punctuation and replaced haha's with lol's
i hate that
i can read people
the worst part about reading someone
me too
is knowing what theyre doing
and not being able to call them out on it
i know
and not being able to do shit about it
yep
like
I can't say
you have changed moods what is up
"ive been analyzing your behavior and my conclusion is that youre being distant"
because thats very
persecutive
HAHA
I HATE
that there is a type of TYPING
that's emotionally distant
like
is it subconscious?
or is it intentional
it's subconscious, sometimes
it can be either
ill subconsciously be short with chris when im busy
i dont mean to do it but it happens
yeah
i guess occasioanlly people will do things intentionally
but sometimes emotions just cause you to behave some way without you realizing it
yea all the time
this trevor thing really soured my day
i know
he was being an ass
your friend swooped in to defend your honor though
i mentioned it to her, also she's a lesbian and obviously does want my body
not just saying that because she's gay
it's just obvious lol
see? hahahaha
i know whay you mean
look at the next comment
i told you
yep
why have i been tagged
i do not need this right now
i refuse to take his bait
trevor is an asshole
what an ass hole
i didn't say anything to him
not sure I could understand
because I don't really know you?
OR
I DONT UNDERSTAND A FUCKIGN THING HES SAYING
hahahaha
ITS ALL ONE LOGN SENTENCE OF BLABBERING
it is dude and he wont message me back
when i message him, he comments instead
god dammit
he doesn't even understand that he's not messaging back
he may think you're commenting
im crying dude
people are terrible
I am right
it is not about the snake
he's just not big enough to admit it
he has a larger problem with you
its about him looking like mr good guy
when in reality he looks like an ass
EXACTLY
THATS WHAT I TOLD HIM
oh god
delete the status
i hate life
me too =]
DELETE IT NO W
I DONT HAVE THE SELF CONTROL
I WILL GO BACK ON MY WORD
tell him he's a shitty person
or something
i dont know
chris wont do anything
hunter
you HAVE
to let this go
YOU HAVE TO
remove all of his comments
and stop replying
you can't win here
he's stubborn
too stubborn to reason with
post gone
i want to die
we can't both be like this
one of us has to talk reasonably to the other
god dammit
lol
you
just need to find yourself in more pleasant situations, more often
I do but I can't.
I can't even go downstairs to eat because i fucking start crying my whole life is controlled by this one thing and i am confined to my bed and i have to be an adult and go to work in the morning. i can not handle life
Dude I walked in the door and punched our wooden door 4 times and maybe busted my hand
I'm crying
Jesus
i finally talked it out with ol dude
im not letting him  best me again though
he claimed to be "upset" by the post
and then went into talking about how his life is falling apart around him
and he did sincerely apologize twice
Well that's good
i have no intention to make more enemies wher ei work
dont shit where you eat
Good advice to yourself
hahaha
im sorry about this bella mess
and it is a mess
this too shall pass
good advice to yourself
dude I can not leave my room. everything reminds me of my fucking relationship except my room, because I switched with matt and she's only been up here like 1 or 2 times. this is utter shit.
I just wish me being a good person was good enough. a good boyfriend. because I am. It's not fair that this isn't how the world works
and fucking quaker parrots
god damn it really
yes quakers too dude
the world is falling apart
i swear it
it is
lets kill everyone before they get us
oh god
obama
hahahahahahahahahahaha
hahahahaa
oh my god
jesus
so im being forced to spend time with my dad in return for them cosigning my car (its an internal debt)
so i have to go fishing now
like forced forced or just obligated
internal debt
=
obligated
dont let matt breed bearded dragons
hes been texted me about it
i told him to breed geckos and then he agreed to and now he wants to do dragons again lol
I know dudr I told him a million times before he texted you
tell your mom not to buy him one
i told him there will be at least 20 babies that need fed three times a day
and then sold off before they get big enough to hurt each other
also an incubator is like 200 dollars
We are watching paranormal hauntings again
What's wrong with these people lololol
hahahaha what is that?
Some generic haunting show
oh so fake?
I don't even know at this point hahaha
dude i wish another fucking good cheesy ass scary movie would come out
im so picky with them
lol
http://www.buzzfeed.com/daves4/peopleing-is-hard
number 10 dude lolol
i baptize thee
NUMBER 14 IS MY LIFE
hahahaha
whats goin on man
MY ARMS
WHAT
hahahaha
number 14
of the buzfeed list
the ARMS
oh yea
she like
throws them everywhere
She is trying to pick up a spice from the spice cabinet
and cant
because hands wont hand
maaaaaanneeeeee
my hands wont hand
my band wont band
its got me feelin some type of way
glans
man
hahahahaha
you just said "man"
and martin and i were just discussing that word
hahaha
man?
yes
instead og huwoman
it's human
hahaha
the woe of man is called
woman
are you retarded
that is child logic
hahahaa
but i SO GET WHAT YOU MEAN
WHAT THE HELL
hahahaha
wohuman
YOU ARE CHILD LOGIC
technically
you are
what do you mean
"technically"
hahaha
your parents had this logic of a child
and then it created you
fuck you metaphysics hunder
fuck you mikeel
right back
poop
i have
I *h*aave (delayed h sound, very pressured)
I h-h-have
a roll with hot cheese and
and
salami like beef
chris has a salami roll for luch
no cheese doe
i have pepperoni
listen to lion king by lil dicky
please god
pepper anne pepper anne she's too cool for 7th grade
or have you already
I don't like lil dicky
NOOOOOOO
i mean i dont hate him
pepper ann HAHAHA
i like pepper anne
i did too
hunder
WHEN I WAS 6
get the gear
JEEZ
GET OUT
did you get the gear
get the gear
the gear
GOT THE GEAR
CHECK
the gear
THE GEAR
did you read it
did you read it
did you read it
NO
NO
NO
TRANSLATE IT
brb i have to find out which kanye west i am
put a bird on it
ok
hahaha
http://www.buzzfeed.com/justincarissimo/which-kanye-west-are-you
omgomgomg
I'm
"The GOD, the G.O.A.T, youre the new Kanye and youre here to stay. The best rapper and producer in the game."
i need to know who i am
WHEN WILL ME REFLECTION SHOW THE YEEZUS I AM INSIDE
You got: Intergalactic Yeezy
Youre one of the coolest Yeezys of all-time. The one crazy with the 808s and futuristic sounds. You probably dig Daft Punk, and miss Kanyes Graduation days, but who can blame you.
WHO CAN BLAME ME
HAHAHAHA
did you like kanye at any point?
like always
since maybe like
6th grade, skip 7th grade, then 8th grade and beyond
obviously i can't like hip hop as an emo tween
COUNTRY
i cant handle the fact that he thinks he's the best and is so mean about it
PLUS RAP
EQUALS CRAPPPPP
i can
like, once youre the best, become a humanitarian
its so funny
and be nice to people
oh COME ON
im serious
THAT IS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO WHAT YOU WOULD DO
that's my dream
YOU WOULD BE HIM
no no
youre confused
i would have the swag of kanye
BUT
you are not a humanitarian at heart.
i could speak in a way that can be understood
haha
and i would help people
he exists for our pleasure
he is but a vessel of entertainment
do people who care about the earth count as humanitarians?  like, starving people, burning rainforests?
because i do care about that
i just hate civilized nations haha
yeah haha
today
someone egged my home
WHAT
HAHAHAHA
yes
I assume
well my first assumption is someone hates me, because that's everyone's first assumption
and then my second assumption was someone hates my sister
Such strife she brings!
its your sister dude
when someone egged my car i went through stages of greif
confusion
anger
wonder
regret
HAHAHA
BARGAINING
hahaha
i have trust issues now
WHICH YOU HAVE TO DO ANYWAY
TO CLEAN IT
and i dont tell people where i live unless i think they would not rob me
dude that's awful
i know
im afraid of someone hating me and hurtning me in my house
i could be robbed any day where i live, so if anything I'm in danger NOT telling people where my house is
wow
that's some high level paranoia
yea hahaha
i have that same paranoia
like
i lock the door all the time
deadbolt it if im in the house
charlie is a watchbird and he barks/screams at intruders
when he sees them on the porch
you're a weird one
haha
mr grinch
du duuu
du duu
DU DUUU
du du doooo
du du dudududu du du du
remember when people made that noise
like
du dudududu du dudu
DER DER DERRRR
YES
LIKE STOP
i hated that
WE GET IT
SUCH DRAMA
what the hell was that
you can call me father gilford
hahahaha
so kent
the call center manager
ok
just says to me "how are those bullfighting comments"
what
because we used to get hammered with people protesting the bullfighting we ticket
and i was like "only a few mentions of it today"
and he goes "oh youre serious? i was joking, people are really pissed again?"
hahahaha
HAHAHAHA
you actually got some
or he caught you in a lie /
i got some dude
people today
just today, since a few months ago
like
have been saying stuff
so odd
what do they think
that you are going to do
YOU
HAHA
i am gonna do me
till the day i die
and the best believe it
THEY BEST BELIEVE
imma do me
*fucking self*
HAHAHAHAHAHA
that needs to be a very distasteful joke on television or something
*this hurts*
HAHA
ive been inadvertently over sexualizing my life recently.  the new die antwoord album dropped, sooo.....
it's pretty gross and awesome
lolol
I don't like die antwoord very much
I gave it the old college try
theyre very niche
but I did not succeed
HAH
YOU LOST
NOT THEM
THIS IS YOUR FAULT
FAILURE
niche is a good word for them
also SHUT UP
hahaha
so
tell me
how's the bella situation?
we'll call it
the bell sitch
ok
so
I've given her a few days to herself
things have been a BIT awkward, maybe only because I've made them that way?
but anyway we're hanging out tomorrow
I just want this turmoil to be finished
what do you mean you gave her days to herself?
did you tell her that you were doing that?
like
I wasn't overly insistant about coming over
or anything
like
if she didn't bring it up...well she didn't
but today i suggested we hangout tomorrow
oh so
you stopped trying
and she said that sounded good
yes
basically
thats good
when you stop trying, you can see really how much the ther person is contributing and how much of a priority you are
because then everything is totally on them
that's true
some dude just shot up from his cubicle
"IS THERE SUBWAY IN HERE?!"
HAHAHAHA
hahahaha
did someone answer
im sure
theres room for like
150 people in this room
or something
the room is kind of like a pentagon or something
each section is a different department
praise him you're right soul sister!
it is the pentagon!
lolol
god is good to us all
He is so kind
if we eat dog
i dont know what i would do with Him in my life
"true life: i have an unhealthy relationship with god"
HAHAHAHA
THAT COVERS SO MANY PEOPLES TYPE OF CRAZY
it does dude
hahahahaha
god is ruining the world btw
*irony*
god is the king of the hipsters
"preaches love and peace, causes war and bloodshed"
*god wearing thick glasses*
GOD FUCKS YOU WITH HIS SEX DICK
groovy
*taste stations*
oh god lol
hey look
https://www.facebook.com/Delaneysgecko?fref=nf
rob delaney!
that's his geckos!
send that to rob delaney
and be like
"may i purchase a leezard from you dad"
or something weird
hahahaha
I said
" there's something you need to see"
as if
i've like
found his okcupid profile
or something
oh look
facebook just told me to purchase and wear this t shirt
"I may live in ohio, but I'm always in WEST VIRGINIA COUNTRY"
it's so tailored to my specific needs!
HAHAHAHAHA
THATS A TERRIBLE SHIRT!
im going to kill a dachshund puppy in front of my pastor
no way dude my friend kristen is getting a dachshund on sunday hahaha
its a puppy and she's been talking about it for weeks
she's playing this prank where she's going to tell everyone (for as long as possible) that the dog's name is THEIR name
I know a guy who's dachshund just had a whole litter
HAHA
god
kristen is in SC
er, NC
she's going to use expo markers to write its name on its ceramic bowl
then change it when someone else comes over hahaha
rack city
Ian Jessee
22 hours ago
My problems were of my own making. Bottles only a symbol. I've stopped fighting anybody or anything.  at St. Christopher Episcopal Church.
Ian Jessee
June 7 near Charleston, WV
My voice is so butch when I'm tired.
OH MY GOD
look at the first comment on this photo
and all of the comments
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=648829271858872&set=pcb.648829291858870&type=1&theater
WILL DO HAHAHAHA
MY VOICE IS SO BUTCH
HAHAHAHAHA SAM SAUNDERS HOLY SHIT
IM FRIENDING HIM NOW
my comment
I died dude
*not edited*
"Horrifying"
Jesus
hahahahahaha
lipgloss
SO ED I YED HAHAHA
and he plucks his eyebrows more than i do
Like his eyes aren't even blue
And you can see where the skin blemish tool has put skin flaps over his eyes
Thanks shitty excuse for photoshop
SKIN FLAPS OVER HIS EYES
Giving him photo shop would be awful
I used to have it and I made myself into voldemort
I RECALL THAT
Dude
THE LIPS
theyre so bad
The fact that someone had the balls to say he's frightening is what is getting me
ITS SAM SAUNDERS DUDE
THE JEW KID
WHO BULLIED ME
AND CALLED ME FAT AND EMO
I know him
He Like tried to one up me on piano all the time
oh yea
he's a diiiick
I KNOW HIM IN A DIFFERENT CONTEXT
you know him also as a douchebag though
Anus
ah-noos
Dads
moms
sisters
brother
aunts
uncles
cousins
grandpas
pop pops
maw maws
grammas
babies
infants
child
kid
face
arm
You're finished
lamb
lamb
lamb
lamb
nan
Celebrate with me
nan
look im lil wayne
I'm on Wikipedia
Looking at
???
'A complete list of sausage dishes"
What am I
you are
*fashion*
Hahahahahaha
Fashion
*pnus*
paynus
Hahahahaha
payyyynis
peeenits
pee'n'it
Ok
Enough is enough
bitch i might be
You're**
youre finished
I am yeezus christ
Apparently you are
Puppies
i am puppies
i have those post it notes that are all attached like a slinky
and thats my stress ball
i play with it all day
YOU MONSTER
dem brows doe
I'm sorry but I had to HAHAHAHA
Matt wants to come check out your reptiles later, is that cool?
it's fajahs day, i have to go fishing wiff mah dahd
im sorry im retarded hahaha
but ill be busy, maybe tomorrow
Oh gosh haha I forgot that was today hahaha
lucky.  i hate holidays.  theyre like billls that you get nothing in return for.
are you downloading the unreleased aphex twin album
is this a new thing?
yes
well ill tell chris to look into it
hitler is arond here somewhere and hes looking for her currently lol
haha like, just missing around the house?
yea she was eating a salad and must have walked off
hahaha
what do you think about this
well it's a weird thing with bella and I don't know how to interpret it
tell meh
ok so she went to her therapist today. Primarily to talk about me is what she told me, because that's what she's having the most trouble with. She didn't say how it went one way or the other, but nothing seems to have really changed. Like things still feel weird, but she doesn't seem like she has anything new to tell me.
ALSO
the other day she tried to end it for a third time, and then backed out again. And then I told her I was 50% of the relationship and I wasn't going anywhere until we figured this out one way or the otehr
and this was over the weekend
everything after that was just like, our relationship felt like it was good. which is weird
dude shes tried to break up with you 3 times.  put all other things aside.  that in itself is an issue.
you're right
I just figured
maybe if she hashes this out with a third party like a therapist
she'll get some insight
If she had gotten insight
she would be saying "michael, come over, we need to talk" which is a more relaxed version of what she's done the other times she tried to end our relationship
She just texted me after she got out and started talking to me
if shes talking about you with a therapist and is coming out with nothing at all
thats not great
I didn't think it was.
I told her I was not ready to give up until we know what the real problem is though. She agreed to go talk to someone WITH me. I don't think I'm being unreasonable
oh good, if you talk to someone with her you will finally understand the issue
because if she wont say what the issue is, you cant even start therapy lol
right
the therapist would be more like a facilitator in our case
that she could use to talk to me through
because you don't break up with someone, or attempt to if they make you happy, and you love them
there's a deeper issue
yea this will be good because either way you will now know what the fuck is going on haha
I hate not knowing what is going on, in ANY situation
It bothers me that I can't figure this one out
because I am decent at figuring people out
but I also don't want my relationship to end
it's like how you don't want friendships to end but also don't want to lose control
yes i know exactly how you feel
it sucks ass
i guess i need to call john, he said one of his people would call me to schedule but that was a month ago
Yeah he's got a huge work load. I suggest it
Dude I'm picking my mom up from work
And Chad pulls up beside me and just looks
So i wave
And then he shakes his head like I'm a kid up to no good
HAHAHA
dude you know he says hi to me in his car?
FLIPPIN TH EBIRD
BIRD FLIPPIN
Hahahaha
What
Hahaha why
because he's dumb
i guess thats affection to him
Hahahahahahahaha haha
THAT'S AFFECTION FOR HIM
We treat everyone like lab rats
jesus how can we not
i mean really
if we didnt
we'd be just like all of
THEM
Those
right
exactly
dude i have like no food
I'm sorry
Poverty sucks
im selling a gargoyle ive raised for 2 years, for a measly 100 dollars, so i can eat and also get food
Dude
Matt wants one so bad. If it wasn't too late you could get more from us for that
i mean
i havent sold her, still trying to
lol
i was going to let her go for 80
but the guy backed out
Matt may be interested. I'm not sure exactly how much we could could go could go but it would be reasonable
would you talk to your mom about it?  it would buy me food haha.  I HAVE NO MUSTARD AND NO SALAD DRESSING.  THATS HALF MY FOOD, RUINED.
Yeah I will for sure
she's 21 grams, so bigger than sunny, and about half grown
if you guys want to pay in installments im fine with that too lol
Matt will want to see her obvi
theres a photo i just posted
and if you guys are seriously intereste di need to run to wallgreens and i could bring her by
i have no phone service so
tell me whats up, i have to leave soon
Matt said he doesn't want it because it's not a baby ._.
tell him it's a juvenile
because it is
its not tiny tiny but it's not big
lots of growing to di
they can get to 60-70 grams
she is only 21
tell ya what, i have a baby that i would sell.  it needs extra calcium because it was born with a spine deformity but it isnt life altering
also it will be BLAZING red as an adult
but it's "pet only" because of the back
it's not genetic but if i bred it people would flip out on me
what did your mom say, if anything?
She said yes but matt said no
Sooo
I mean
Shit
tell him
about the baby
i just mentioned
Matt doesn't want a gargoyle
what doe she want?
does he
jeez nevermind im sorry im just so poor
Sorry dude
i cant believe how terrible the economy here is
I asked him again and he said no
And RIGHT
does matt want
another crested
per chance
i dont really have any that i want to sell but if he would want one i would let one go
a baby
Matts ultimate goal is a leachie honestly
well tell him to let me know when he has a few hundo laying around
My mom said if you had any that she would pay you in installments and wouldn't take it home until the payment was complete
any leachies?  I only have 3
They take 4 years to be able to breed
My breeders are babies
Matt doesn't want to breed them.
...i know but im saying i cant sell you the most valuable animals in my collection, not even from a money stand point, i would do anything for my leachies
oh okay. sorry. was not reading all your messages clearly. I was at my aunts lol
it's fine.
well I'm sorry dude :/
got my pills, some dressing, and some mustard, and acne wash
now i dont have gas until the end of the week but i can usually sell something off in a crisis
damn dude
this is rough
well honestly this is kind of the amount of poor i always am
the problem now is that im not able to pay for everythig i need to because of my car
i know
im still equally broke, i just have less things taken care of lol
: /
yeah which is basically like
more broke
well yea haha
because the car has taken a huge chunk of cash
haha
chris is trying to sell his galaxy tab.  if we can make it through this next check and get those stupid leopard gecko that i never should have bought paid off, we'll be in the clear
i need 200 dollars to have them shipped, but i dont have to pay it all at once.  i already have 200 towards them
ohh okay
so you bought geckos you shouldn't have?
like 4 weeks ago
because it was my first check after getting the car
and i thought i was safe
oh like you hadn't acclimated to your new car-based budget yet
yes
if that makes sense
it does
now we know that we have like 50-100 dollars of spending money each check
and 50 of that is usually spent on animal supplies
as long as i can pay my bills im fine
i just am in a bad position currently
oh ok I see
darn
on the bright side
apparently
kids in two states have tried to stab other people to death because they read that's how you "see" slenderman
trevor's friend that he doesnt even know that well talks to me about animals constantly and then she just invited me to like THIS page  https://www.facebook.com/undergroundinkmilitiaclothing?notif_t=fbpage_fan_invite
oh i only knew of the one incident
there's a new one
two now? hahaha slenderman is real
haha
and omg
WHAT IS THIS
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS
WHAT IS THIS
HAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHA EXACTLY
it's just girls
LIKE
scantly clad
WHAT IS THIS
HAHAHAHHA
SOME UNDERAGE GIRLS POSING ON PICK UP TRUCKS
IN BIKINIS
what is this page
what is the business
i do not know dude
but she keeps talking to me
she found me because trevor likes to tag me in stuff, and tag himself in my photos of animals and stuff
what
he tagged himself in a picture of one of my leopard geckos
that's so weird
like if he's seen it
because he thought its patterned looked like
he'll say he's in the photo
WAIT FOR IT
hahaha
oh no
ben and jerrys peanut butter swirl
HAHAHAHAHAH
BUT
like
christ
BUT WHY STILL
hahahaha
STILL YET
WHY WOULD HE MAKE THE TAG
IT STILL MAKES NO SENSE
no idea man
HIS JUSTIFICATION ISN'T EVEN REAL
he's got issues
deeper than i suspected
i misjudged him
i gave him too much credit lololol
just a little
he's a nutcase dude.
lol
ok
so I think this is this kids normal face
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=649958521745947&set=a.106303886111416.11224.100001954163100&type=1&theater
why would he alter it
overlooking the way
that its SO EXTREME
why would he alter it
if he's gonna post a photo of what he really looks like
hold on let me look., sorry was watching portlandia and still am
HAHAHAHA
hahaha
IM SORRY BUT THAT DUDE
WHETHER HE IS GAY OR NOT
IS A HUGE FAGGOT
"sorry was watching portlandia and still am"
i knew you'd like that phrasing lolol
thnx 4 the deets
MY whole FAMILY DOES THAT
like
they'll tell me something
and then
interrupt themselves to insert useless details about the person or situation they are describing
i'm like
i was thinking they are useful because that would explain my delayed responses
no in this case they are
here's my example
let's assume in this situation that I'm going to craft
that I know aunt barbara really well.
hahaha
"Okay, so your aunt barb--who just loves cooking but her husband left her for someone younger the poor thing was never easy on the eyes--is coming over for dinner later and we're going to have---well we aren't "having" anything lordee the last time i COOKED COOKED was when you were just a tot---but anyway we're gonna have chicken
like
I know all of this about aunt barb
and i don't care what anyone's definition of cooking is
but my grandmother does it THIS bad, and my mom just a little better
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THAT STORY WAS SO SOLID
RIGHT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAAHAHA
SOUNDS LIKE MY GRANDMOTHER
yes
tis does
my grandma doe sthis hilarious thing
she can tell you one story and finish it in 30 minutes
that I must tell you about
and youll learn about her entire life
up to that day
and moment
she has no sense of time okay
NONE
HOWEVER
ahahaha
AS A CLOCK
AND A CALENDAR
well
her calendar year is based on my grandfather's death
she gauges time based on how long after or before his death
like
he is the year 0
and everything after is AD
I'm not exaggerating
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
DOES SHE SAY
IN YEAR 3
No
but
here
let me cook up a story
"MICHAEL"
"Remember when we went out cracker barell with kelley and gary, it was about 8 and a half months after papaw passed"
"MICHAEL"
"my roof needs replacin'. it's been giving way since about 2 years before your papaw passed"
"MICHAEL"
HAAHAHAHAHHA
"MICHAEL"
"Do you remember matts birthday this year, it wasbout four months before papaw passed"
This is how she tells time
and it used to nauseate me
now it's hilarious
what if I based time
off of one event
like
when I came over and we ordered all of that pizza, and watched VHS 2. Very specific, no?
yes do that
that was a great event
hahahaha
hey if you can order pizza we should do that tooonite
my mom is getting ginos currently
haha
OK
so I need you to interpret this
based on all of the info I've given you about bella and I in the past week
I forgot we were in a weird place, and said "I love you" and she said "I love you too!!"
Is this weird. I mean I say it at night, but never out of nowhere
i cant interpret this only because i have heard an argument every way for that type of behavior.  what comes to mind first is women being overly enthusiastic about their relationship when prompted because theyre having 
"secret relations"
you know
I truly wish it was as simple as her having a guy on the side
I'd feel more secure in what my issues were
haha
thats because when you identify the problem you can move onto the resolution
on to
exactly
I mean
she scheduled another therapy appointment for a week from today
that is NOT a lot of time for therapy
I HATE NOT BEING ABLE TO READ THE ONE PERSON I SHOULD BE ABLE TO READ
anyway dude, venting over
haha
one question
how much portlandia have you seen?
all of it?
AY OH RIVER
AY PH RIVER
AYE OH RIVERR
YES
OMG
THERES NEW ONES
we're watching dose
I haven't seen them
theres 2
AYE OH RIVER is from season 2 though
right
i dont know, probably
i dont remember those details lol
dude
I hate that my new job requires five days a week work
I'm not ready for adult life
JUST TASTES OF IT
IM A CHILD
ive been doing the daily hell for 2 years now haha
i know
5 days a week straight is terrible
you have
Dude
at orientation today
i realized
that I'm working with some weird girl that was in anat phys in high school and i was like NOOOOOOOO get out high school
oh god who is it
whats she look like
Renesha something
oh god lololol
i dont recall any black kids?  im assuming she's black
No, she may be indian
lol
lolol okay then
i POSSIBLY remember her
gauges
so im arguing with chris
not really, just saying how much i hate myself and he's taking offense
about?
and he says
"Dude if you're really as fucked up and shitty as you think you are, I must be a fucking moron."
in response to?
about how i want to die and i hate myself and im only an object to people, i want to be alone forever
people only use me to get something, i do drugs, i lie
im fat, im ugly, my animals arent good enough
no one likes me and i hate everyone anyways
no one ever helps me like i help other people
ive given too much of myself to the world
me fucking too
I agree with that last statement so hard
i have literal scares of generosity
cars
scars
what does that mean?
is it metaphorical?\
no
i have cuts on my body because it would make someone else feel good to put them there
and i say, sure, whatever it takes to be loved
do whatever you want
what you're saying to me could be interpreted a lot of ways, and I'm just going to choose which one for myself
go for it man
i am sorry though
i don't know what to tell you
i am back wanting drugs again
I don't have the motivation or energy to come up with a good "things will turn around" speech
because I myself feel awful
good thing im too poor to buy food
im just venting
i know
i know nothing will turn around
but usually I give you something
i locked myself into a situation that i hate
: /
I know
i hate chris right now
i'm sorry
my turn for a second, because what im about to say truly upset me
i had to make another notch in my belt, because i'm losing weight from being to sick and depressed to eat. the notch was actually a personification of my misery. as i shoved the scissors through the belt i realized how pathetic i had become
thats incredibly sad
normally with me i cannot eat during the day, at all
so i go home and smoke weed and eat like 4000 calories in 4 hours
normally i can. that is why im upset. and when i realized that after i saw that, i still didn't want to it, i felt pretty pathetic
i have no motivation
or energy
dude im crying at my desk
have been for about an hour
this is normal now
i am becoming you
i pretend to go to the bathroom
just so i can cry for like 2 minutes
i hate this
i wish i could do that but it isnt a "let it all out" cry, because "it" is infinite
i get my own office to work in in my new job, and my fear is that i will want to cry all day. before i had to walk all day
at least i had to focus on something constantly
i dont have that anymore
you get your own office?!
i do.
not a big one, but one nonetheless
jesus that's awesome
i have to wear nice clothes though, which kind of sucks i guess
if i could afford to wear business clothes i would in a heart beat
dude like
what do you do when you want to die
but you dont want to make a mess
i dont want to die but christ i want drugs or something
rephrase that so I understand it
haha
i want to get away from chris
i want away from everyone
i understand
but i dont
i need someone
i know
i dont know what to do
i really want to find every person i know and tell them why they should kill themselves
but thats only projection
good observation
but i think it's displacement.
haha
THey are all so similar
yea that
i guess
i seriously feel like im slowly but more quickly now going insane
i know im going insane
i displace my insanity but saying crazy things to you
ironically the things i say
are like "cartoon style" insanity
im getting tangled in a web of words
yea it's "odd", that's a definite lol
which is better
killing myself, leaving chris, or doing drugs
IF i can find any
but what do i do about chris
he is growing resentful
and i know it's happening and it makes me hate myself more
I've got so much to do. My job is important and I have people relying on me, jihn4 wants me doing all this stuff for him, and I just can't move. We are both stuck
yea i dont know what to do
i need to leave
the earth
I just feel numb. Like my body is numb. All of the time
I am a space alien
i feel like my life in numb
what do i have to look forward to?
leaving work
but why?
why look forward to leaving work?
so you can get excited to come back the next day?
chris wants to commit me
I'm sorry
its fine now for the moment
its my office dude
I don't know what to do
its my social anxiety
Is it driving you insane
yes
i figured out why
yeah
why?!
those people make me have to fake a personality, plus they annoy me
because of this
i get upset from stress
you hate yourself
oh
ok
hahaha
OOPS
and then in turn, get angry at them
for stressing me
i see isee
that makes sense
I AM SO ANGRY
yes i makes me
RAWR ANGRY RAWR
ALL I WANT IS FOR MY GIRLFRIEND OF FOUR YEARS TO EITHER BREAK UP WITH ME OR STOP BEING COLD TO ME BECAUSE I TRY TOO HARD FOR THIS SHIT.
THIS IS WHY I AM ANGRY
AM I GOING THROUGH THE FIVE STAGES OF GRIEF
hahahahahahhahaaha
im sorry
the 5 stages
so chris was talking about watching videos about IT training and stuff
like how to do stuff to PCs
https://scontent-b-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/t1.0-9/10453316_10152473672622509_2936648773744743592_n.jpg
ok
and i told him if he wanted to watch a video like that, i would not ever care, because its good to learn that
so now he has decided that hes going to watch an hour of IT training on our TV
at least
i dont know what else he has planned
hahaha
well
that's not the worst thing i guess
this is how i feel about it: https://scontent-b-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/t1.0-9/10453316_10152473672622509_2936648773744743592_n.jpg
no but now i have no thing to watch
no things at all
hahahahHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
love me
hahahaha
IAN JESSE
SHMIEAN SMEHSEE
HES SO CRAZY
who is more crazy
he
or MARCUS DE SOMETHING
oh my fucking god
dude
DUDE
okay
keep in mind thast there's a photo of a girl with a violin in between "erika carper" and ian jesses post
Audrey Perine Carper
10 hours ago near Kanawha City, WV
Happy International Day! a special thank you to Ian Jessee for his expert teaching to Erika! I am so proud of Erika and so thankful to Mr Ian Jessee for him teaching Erika!  with Ian Jessee and Erika Carper.
Photo: Happy International Day! a special thank you to Ian Jessee for his expert teaching to Erika! I am so proud of Erika and so thankful to Mr Ian Jessee for him teaching Erika!
LikeLike    Share
I

Ian Jessee, Shiva K. Shafii and 21 others like this.

Ian Jessee Keep up the good work Erika!
9 hours ago  Like  1

Mark Jessee WAY 2 TEACH IAN -- GREAT LEARNING ERIKA
6 hours ago  Like  1
HAHAHAHAHA
WAY 2 TEACH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
going to get food with money i dont have brb
ok elohim
so
bella and I are taking a break, and I feel really good about it. Like everything seems fine
good
peace is good
she was like if I wanted the relationship to end, i would break up. this is so it can continue. plus weve gone a month without seeing eachother. I'm not super worried
yea it's not a big deal and probably healthy
yeah. I see it like this. Our relationship is only going to get more serious, and she needs that last bit of freedom before she's totally read to commit. which is fine
how are things for you
today
at least
well not so great
my boss and the call center manager have both been complete fucking dicks to me today
over fucking facebook
you mean your job
lol
"theres too much 'multi tasking' going on around here" he said as he walked away, referring to me being on facebook
like dude thats my fucking job
theyre blocking more shit now too
like, all kinds of shit
i'm sorry
that prevents us from doing our job
what an ass
seriously dude i hate it so much
i can work under certain conditions
but the conditions are worsening
every day
gotta go home now
i might not go to beck
http://thoughtcatalog.com/holly-everett/2014/06/what-its-like-to-be-in-love-when-you-have-depression/
im too depressed to go see beck
thanks for the response man...
I'm sorry
Was busy
What's up
cant afford beck, cancelled the tickets
god
cant drive 10 hours in a day
I'm so sorry
by myself
i have to go to kentucky to pick up a rack tomorrow for leos
i cant afford gas to columbus
i just cant do anything
I would help but I'm broke. Maria cost us 1,000 bucks. she never payed back our landlord so we had to pay
well i already cancelled the trickets
after i cancelled them trevor volunteered to drive us
which was nice of him but poorly timed
i just dont have the money
https://scontent-a-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/v/t1.0-9/q77/s720x720/10446013_10152222181583602_5554525911563114384_n.jpg?oh=044e8eae3948e96bb7beb88a6556b67f&oe=5415A47E
do you want to hangout after work?
sure dude, i need to run to the store and get some gecko stuff
that's where I'm going with matt in just a few minutes haha
lol yea i need to go there and then i guess kroger to get some coconut oil
God damn it
?
John just upped all of my meds, and then sent me that "beck depression inventory" to take. Taking that tests reflects how miserable my life is and i hate it
i want to take it!
i need to call him monday i guess
you do
you can do it yourself
anytime
just google beck depression inventory
or even beck anxiety inventory
don't look up the score ranges though if you do it
oh really? i paid to fucking do that those robbers
lolol
yep
hahaha
i hate them lol
so I have had this idea in my head that bella died in an accident all morning
and I just looked at her instagram or whatever
and no
she just woke up at 2
--_--
ahaha
how si that going?
i talk to her like once a day
but we're basically not together for now
well i suppose thats good
for some time
yeah
I swear its just her
doing that
i went to kentucky and bought a ton of shit 50% off at hobby lobby to decorate with hqahaha
"I want to do whatever I want before I commit seriously" thing which bugs me
WHOA
oh im so sorry, my hobby is not your lobby, continue
you went?
hahaa
to KY
that is
i went to kentucky to buy a 75 dollar leo rack, that should have cost 200 dollars, and then we spent a few hours fucking around
#KY
#LUBRICANT
cancelled beck though
it rained all day
noooo lol
: /
dude
eh
at quaker steak
oh well
im sorry
HAHA
dude
where i decided to go at 10 pm the other night for some reason
they call all their sauces
"lube"
I actually have to go to somewhere with matt
and I know
so I have to get out of bed and leave
haha
or my mom will be mad
and so will mat
but he wont show it emotionally
SEE YOU LATER
well let me know if youre ocvming over later or whats goiong on
*not caring about typos*
yeah I'll come over later
just found out I work at 7 tomorrow at highland though *kill me*
*kills michael*
"mikeeeeeeel....."
*end scene*
gauges self to death
HAHAHAHA
so i have to tell you ssumfing
TELL me
ikt's not deadly important hahahaha
but
ok
haha
i have been asking trevor to let me come over and get some coconut oil from him for my crested gecko food, and he has not given it to me for a week or so, always forgetting...
he also owed me five dollars for other various loans
and he gave me 5 dollars today after about 2 weeks
wow
and then gives me a deli container of coconut oil from his house, and it looks EXACTLY LIKE semen
*shocked*
OH NO
OH NO
\It's on my desk.
OH NO
ahhahahahahahaha
it just looks unsettling
he handed it to me in front of martin
and martin was like
"is that jizz?"\
HAHAHAHAHA
OH NO
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHA
HAHAHAAHHAAHAHAHAHAH
HE PRESENTED YOU WITH SEMEN
HAHAHAHAHA
yes
HAHAHAHAHA
he did
on his *skateboard*
ew
with his "man bun"
HAHAHAHAHA I LOVE THE MAN BUN
jared leto rocks it too
trevor is not jared leto
he is beck
and beck does not rock it
dude youre right
but trevor is also
shaggy
from scooby doo
i know
matthew lillard
scooby snacks
from the movie
they are one
hahahahahahah
trevor is attractive in theory
but in reality, not so much
but not in "practice"
hahaha
no you're right
yea hahahahahahaha
I don't htink he takes baths or showers
dude he does take showers he just has
stringy thinning hair?
it might be just always thin
some dudes just look dirty with longer hair
HAHAHAHAHA
it's just a *given*
HE DOES LOOK "DIRTY"
IM LAUGHING
HE CAN HEAR ME LAUGHING
hahahaha
HE WILL APPROACH
READ CONVO
no way jose
AND TELL YOU THE OIL IS VERY ORGANIC
im quick widda mouse whip yo
HAHAHA
IT IS ORGANIC
IT IS
VERY organic *wink wink*
HAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAAHAHA
FACE ON DESK
CANNOT
HAHAHAHAHAH
hahaha
im sorry im high
dude
*afternoon delight*
hahahaha
if you google coconut oil
it doesn't look like semen
unless like
you mixed it with
extra virgin olive oil maybe?
for no reason?
its when you take some out and let it get warm and liquidy
in its solid form its white
yeah
so he just let it sit out
basically
lol
no its got warmed maybe in his car
he got it at lunch
its in an organic blueberry yogurt deli cup
do you ever self soothe?
like rocking back and forth?
no
tapping the foot furiously?
I wish I had the capacity
oh
YES
oh yes
I tear my finger nails apart while vigorously shaking my leg/foot
yes dude
i am listening to an elton john playlist on youtube
i do it all the time
and sometimes i rock back and forth
doing it now in this slightly bouncy half broken chair
I don't do that because I don't have fetal alcohol syndrome.
it almost leans to the ground
(jokes)
(BAD jokes)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA
IM DYING
OF GOD
dude
did I tell you
HAHAHAAHAHAH
like
a couple weeks ago at highland
There is this other bht
who has like this
WEIRD face
like
almost downsy
but not
and my mom told me
his mom is also a bht there
ahahahahahha
you told me hahahahaha
and she looks like she probably drank when she was pregnant
she has FTA
and
yeah
hahahahahaha
I WAS LIKE
OMG
FAS
JESUS
hahahaahahahahahhaahahaha
look at this tweet on my timeline
i said fta
what the hell is fta
hahahahahahahhaha
Sex and ethics in the playground: Shes not a slag because she only had sex once http://www.psypost.org/?p=25648
FOR THE ANUS
HAHAHA
SLAG
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
A SLAG
i love that word
I think that harpy is a better word than any other
my back hurts like fire
the left side
oh god it hurts
inject pot ino it
HAHAHAAHAHAHAH
no
thats for mee breathin lungz
beans coming out of my mouth
hahahhahahaha
still funny
always funny
i hate when people share the stories of their adventures at south ridge on facebook
fuck people like that
i don't care what you got from fashion bug
right? NOI ONE CARES ABOUT YOUR WALMART HALLOWEEN MASK CHEAP TRY OUTS
BUY THAT SHIT OR PUT IT DOWN
or your stupid god damn baby
HAHAHAHAH
it's an ugly west virginia hill billy baby
with fucked up teeth
and a huge forehead
hahahahahahahahahahahahahha
from lincoln county
yep
im sorry thats where your moms from
dude
im so sorry
no
what have i done
she's from logan county
hahaha
hahahhahhahahaha
OH GOOD
YOURE IN THE CLEAR
*wipes sweat from brow*
HAAHAHAHAHA
*so smooth*
I am responsible for the end of net neutrality
fuck
i'm probably on a list now
hahahahaha
shhhh
code words
So for the first time officially in a year, I have a boyfriend again. Yes after asking my dad for permission, my sweet George asked me to be his and of course I said yes. I thought it was super cute considering no ones ever personally asked my dad if they could be my boyfriend so I'm pretty smitten and just thought I'd share this to the world.  Have a great day. 
#firstworldrevolutionaryproblems
#ieatdirt
this kind of shit
hahahahaahaha
If anyone has anything they are trying to raise money for that's a reasonable cause let me know and I will gladly organize an origami owl fundraiser for you
#ok
dude hahahahaha
i sent a message like that earlier to my enemy, ron lanhan
and it was like
let me know when the next ban meeting is and ill send out a blast on the CARE FB asnd promote it
*networking*
i hate everything
f that
http://www.buzzfeed.com/rachelzarrell/mom-gives-birth-during-open-heart-surgery
AND YOU SAY GOD ISNT REAL
FUCK YOU *spits*
ahahahahaha
HOW
HOW
HOW
HO DOES TRHAT HAPPEN
FOOT LONG RUPTURE IN THE AORTA
HOW HOW
holy
haahahahahah
mother of elohim
jesus mary and joseph
all fucking anally
what the hell
HAHAHAHHAAHHAA
jesus
you guys are crackin me up
you n chris
on different devices
he is on "webex"
from "cisco"
Cisco, the human network
linking businesses together all over the world
cisco, the thogn song
damnit
damnit right to heck
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAAHHA
HAHAHHAHAAHHA
HOLD ON
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152489642189561&set=a.10150657824984561.411604.661239560&type=1&theater
i want alcohol tonight
in case of rapture?
i wish I didn't have to work tomorrow morning
dammit chris says "we cant affor dit"
whatever that means
I can get some beers
if you'd like
YOULL GET SOME BEERS
YOU GET TO PICK WHATS ONT HE TV
IN TRADE
sweet
i will give you some dfollars
i think i have 3 or 4 in change
lol
quarters mostly
so
ya know
oh god dude
http://www.buzzfeed.com/rachelzarrell/a-florida-mom-was-arrested-after-branding-her-children-to-ke
read this
are you driving?
I guess so dude. I mean if you would be willing to drive me I would appreciate it, because I would like to have a little to drink haha
Wait you would also be drinking
Lol
yes i am also drinking lol
whoever you feel is a better "drinked" driver
hahaha
If you drove me back you could continue drinking when you got home, depending on how much is purchased I guess
It doesn't matter lol
i actually fucked my back up so i am requesting that i dont have to drive more than needed
it burns like fire
Okay that's fine
i need to lay down like, in an anti gravity chair or something
or those spinny things
upside down
i think they shut our gas off
wiuth gas, they usually wait 2 months before they shut it off
and they did, so now we owe 135
but the water was cold and i could not shower ths morning
Oh damn
I'm sorry dude
"/
i paid it just now
i hope for hot water tomorrow lol
maybe not because
its a sunday
fuck
fuck
When are you off?
I forget
I'll be home at 8
dude i just posted 6 geckos for sale and sold 5 of them to a rich labrodoodle breeder and made 550 dollars, her shipping cost is 100 dollars hahahahahaha I FINALLY BALL SO HARD, SHITS CRAY
Holy god
i know dude
she was just like
i want to pay it all right now, and the full insurance for it, and the cooling pack
she bought 15 dollars of insurance lol
im saving all of it though
for chicago
That's so cool dude
What a day
THATS WHAT I SAID HAHAHA
i was like FUCK EVERYONE I JUST MADE 550 DOLLARS IN MY UNDERWEAR
FUCK EM ALLLLL
Lil debbie
Oh NO
SO WEIRD
They are straight depraved.  That is a terrible front she puts on and drags him along with.
I can't believe the amount of animals you sold today
Sorry, I've been napping since 3 and the fact that you said that is just registering
Ibknow dude I still can't end putting that money into my bank account.  It's a second paycheck.  One I paid 50 for at Petco because I saw it's potential, raised it up for about a year, and sold it for 150 because it's awesome now lol
Yeah dude that's awesome gaha
#business #investments #pie
Slime hen
Hahahahahaha
chad and jamee are retarded hahahahaha theyre trying to sell their shitty ass quality leos to us because they didnt know shit about them about bought like 60
Holy shit lol
well apparentlyu hes selling half of them
but they asked if we wanted them
like
are you serious?
I SPEND 400 DOLLARS ON ONE LEO, NOT ON 30 OF THEM
cheap fucks
theyre ruining the industry, the pet trade, and my market
i think that new baby should be named crescendo
because he really is the highlight of our experience with reptiles right now
What all exactly is happening
nothing lol i named our quad stripe baby "crescendo"
Okay gotcha haha
Just bad at comprehension when I'm on my phone
haha i understand
so i thought our gas was turned off
and i took a shower at trevors lol
turns out, the tank is just leaking and it put the pilot light out
now they have to fix it
and the water is totally off now
Oh shit
it's taking this guy forever to get these people here to fix it
That sounds like torture
Yep haha and every time I talk about moving Chris tells me that I don't know how bad land lords can be.  I don't think just because it could be worse is a reason to not explore options
That's a good point (I think)
Dude I've been watching catfish
Hahahahahaha
I don't even know what that is haha
its the show about how people get in these online relationships and most of the time the person on the other end is actually a giant lesbian or something
Hahahahahaha what
Online relationships?
yes dude omg go watch episode 1
lol
I am so depressed dude
I don't know what to do anymore
whats with the bella situation?
Everything's fine. We still talk. Not a lot. But im still miserable. I mean that has to be it I guess
is she getting with other guys or anything?>
No but she said that she "might" and she "needs to do this." This isn't a break. I don't know what this is. She doesn't deserve someone who's okay with her doing this
wow that changes things =/
i dont know man
i guess the point was to let her get it out of her system
so i guess the question is
her loyalty
That is the point
well then, you should do the same.  live truly as if you are single.
dont think about her constantly
then when you get back together it will still be pained
I know that's the idea but I'm so depressed that I can't. It's a vicious cycle
try working extra hard on your goals that you need to work towards with or without her
and focus on yourself
I'm trying
watch catfish. you WILL feel better about it.
hahaha
Like I'm sad for the obvious reasons
But I'm angry because I feel like I've lost control of an aspect of my life. And I feel like maybe I'm not as good as I think as I am because of the pieces of human trash bella is talking to. Does that just demonstrate that I have a complex or something else?
I will watch that
Haha
it demonstrates that maybe you deserve better
because shes obviously interested in multiple other people
at least slightly
i mean just focus on what youre doing and if she comes back, good
if she doesnt, continuw doing what youre doing
continue
That's good advice
Thank you
youre welcome
lol
but do that
and just
ignore her even
it would be good for you and if she really cares, you ignoring her will irritate her and youll see that
I know. But what I'm afraid of is that she won't be irritated, and facing that would be a harsh reality
it would be like ripping off a band aid after its been stuck on and irritating you forever
you have to face reality for the better
what do you suggest we put the chameleon in when it arrives tomorrow
matt's exo lol
even if it's 2-3 inches?
just keep the plants a bit lower for the most part, just allow for it to get up to the uv and heat
wait where did he order from?
i could have gotten him a really healthy sub adult lol
I know
where did you order?
Blackwater reptiles?
i knew it
oh no
backwater reptiles
pray you atcually get a chameleon
and this weather is terrible for shipping
it could show up dead
and most likely it is also wild caught
it said it was not
does that mean anything
it means it isnt, but it could still have mites / parasites because their animals are filthy
its like the worst place
them and underground reptiles
you do know that matt just obsesses and what ever is cheapest and fastest and can give him the most short term pleasure is what he is going to do
haha
like
if i would have known
i would have stopped it
but the same thing is going to happen
who gives him the okay to do this stuff though?  i mean your mom coulda just had him or you ask me to send her to a good place so he doesnt have to experience another chameleon death lol
but he doesn't want to wait five minutes
here's why
his mind is going like 1000 miles per hour, he has nothing to look forward to, no friends, and no matter what I tell him he will take what can make him happiest the quickest
my mom gave the okay of course
because my mom is not well versed in the reptile community
nor am i
hahaha
I should have tried
i am the same way and therefor i can order a chameleon in like 2 minutes.
seriously
let me know next time
i am afraid something bad is going to happen
See like
I was going to
i just had NO idea
that he was gonna get one like yesterday
i thought it was gonna be a proccess
let me be the reptile liason for you guys!  let me be matt's help lol  i have experienced all of the terrible things so that he wont have to haha, i got screwed around a lot when i didnt know private breeders
I CAN BE HIS MENTOR
HAHA
Alright
but
yeah
I was like "guys let me talk to hunter"
like three days ago
the next day
matt had pulled up a website on his phone
showed it to my mom
and ordered an animal
lol
it will be here tomorrow
have a talk with your mom about it
and I hope to god it isn't dead
tell her that i can help so much
if she will just ask
give her my number
call me beep me if you wanna reach me
Kim possible had triangular breasts
Nice job at trying to make a character not sexual disney
You've made it more sexual
HAHAHAA
that show was like
so odd
the mole rat
and nachos
Ron stopable
He was a bitch boi
Anyone could stop him
What a dick
Like that dude with Grey skin
lololol
that show was soooo
early 2000's
2001
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
YES
the beepers and halter tops
and pumps
flared work out pants
chunky bracelets
lip gloss
jelly bracelets
etc
I am fashion
Mcgriddle
werkwerkwerk
Hands
asdfghjkl;beansasdfghjkl;
Hdifhsiajdkfofjdjsoamfntodayilistenedtomudvayneandthenfuckedadogduhastggggruehekslfjsjalskfhs
beansas city, beansas
Mudvayne
I am dying
Mudvayne
Hahahahahahahaha
BEANSAS
hahahahahha
its so bad
BEANSUS BRIST
when i think of mudvayne i think of
sasha kiewra
and her dad that owned a smoker friendly
hahahahahahahahahahaha
JESUS
Omg hahahah
christ on the cross with BEANS COMING OUT OF HIS MOUTH
bBLABGRHBHGAvgajbge\
He is veery healthy. Matt doesn't know what to fucking feed him which kind of pisses me off though. What do I tell him
i dont know haha probably crickets
He is like clawing to escape. Walking continuously. Will not wat crickets
he just got there dude lol
let him chill out
put him in the cage, mist him, heat him, and leave him alone for a good week or so
Can we hang out today
dude i almost got fired for venting about my job on my personal facebook that is totally private.  someone handed my boss' boss a stack of screenshots of the status and i got written up for it.
someone wants to get me fired
or, it was my boss, which i think it was
HOLY
I am super uncomfortable
im crying
Hahahaha
i hate my job
No
I mean
Shit
I'm sorry :(
i might start driving cabs
if i can
Dude this totally not ok though
Like jesus
i told him, it's my private shit, why does it matter?
and he said, someone handed this to me
and then the plot thickens
a coworker heard him asking my boss for "those screenshots" friday
and the status has been up for like a week and a half
Who hates you enough to do that
Or
i think its my boss
Who is a big enough child that they would risk your job
Really?
How'd he even get on there
i think our IT department can see everything on our PCs
im going to see how i can drive taxis
and quit
i might quit today
and just sell animals until i get a new job
Dude
Nope
Wait
I'm not saying don't quit
im not doing it RIGHT NOW
I'm just saying
Yeah not today haha
could be today
im having chris call the taxi place
they are hiring drivers and dispatchers
i know martin's gf makes like 10 dollars an hour there
Why not
You need low stress
i know
i just
ive been here nearly 2 years
i have a rent payment, car payment, bills, insurance
im so afraid
I know "/
But for real, I want to come over and we can finish the redds I bought (hahaha) and I want us to both try and stop being miserable. I also met someone today who can seriously help you with your BPD, btw. I'd like to talk to you about that
okay we can do that
can you drive? i need groceries after work
Darn. maybe. I'll ask haha
I just caught my boss and his boss both in lies and theyre getting irritated with me
my boss definitely gave him those screenshots
WHY
and, i did not post that on company time, as kent had accused me
No it was when you got home
I remember lol
yep
i called kent out on it, the call center manager.  he has been typing a response to me for like 10 minutes
typing, stopping, typing, stopping
caught him
He doesn't know what to say
Hunter Armstead:  
Hey kent, I wasn't sure what post you were talking about but I went back and looked and just for the record, I did post that from home, I don't work past 7:30.   3:00 PM 
Kent Bissell - 36793:  
Okay, noted for the record.   If you want to discuss, I am available 3:10 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
Oh no I just wanted to let you know I wasn't doing it on company time as you had said.  I was unaware that my privatized social media after I left work could still effect my job. I still don't know how anyone was able to print that out.
hahahahahahaha
That's a very good point
Like
What even
Hahaha
this company is a sham
It is
And i am jam
Hamjam
dude like
both of my superiors were lying
i feel like that's grounds to quit
I intercepted government messages on the Internet and they said god isn't real aliens are and you'd boss is lying
YUDE BAHS
hahaha
I am not from Honduras or the south
ive talked my way back into his office
What
so he just wanted to tell me again what he already said this morning, but without barrett, and much nicer, and emphasizing that the screenshots "were under his door" when he came in
yea fucking right
Dude just let it go. He felt bad obviously. He felt stupid.
Or he wouldn't have called you back
Haha
im sur ehe did, because i kept saying repeatedly, all of my stuff is private only my friends can see it, im paranoid now that someone would bring papers to my boss' boss to get me reprimanded
i just kept piling it on, and he got more and more "sincere" about them being under his door every time i said something
Like who would even do thay
my boss
because he is butthurt about me mentioning him in it
he already "talked to me" about it a week ago
i feel like he just wanted to really milk the post as much as he could
That's so petty of him.
It's like my sister's twitter name
He is
"2petty4_u"
HAHAHA
nan
so let me know if you can drive
otherwise youll have to go grocery shopping with us lol
I wouldn't mind doing that. I just need out of my home haha.
okay haha
then i can get you after work
you can go shopping with me
and chris is at home
Okay yo
martin mayt get fired over that post though...
he WAS on the clock
and the shit he said man...so arrogant and stupid
like he's untouchable
Wow dude
So the chameleon won't eat crickets
He's not gonna live
hes a newborn
he was not ready to be shjipped =/
He's gotten really weak
yep =/
he should not have been shipping in this weather
and he should not have been shipped at that size
He's like pursuing this cricket but won't attack it. And he's at least 4 inches
hold the cricket in front of him, he may be too weak to get it
He got right up to it and touched it with his face..I don't think his tongue works
hahahaha i dont know man
im sorry, the tongue thing was sort of funny
but
stop letting matt get hard to care for pets
theres a reason i dont have a chameleon
and i love chameleons
I know haha
is this artists or song names
what is this
artists lolol
OK
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHA.
fucking b2k
I thought SO HARD
to come up with that
good choice
back to them
gen x days
lolol]
hahaha right
I wanted so badly
to get "d"
I mean "t"
so I could post
WHITE TEE by DEM FRANCHISE BOYZ
hahahahahaha
dem
dude i just want to leave so badly haha
today has been a steaming pile of bullshit
both my bosses lying to me
getting written up
fuck this
I agree
for you it has
my day has been good basically
*bitch i mite b*
*beans*
bitch i might beanz
OMG
LOL
BEANZ
so look at our friends facebook profile picture here:...
???
https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpa1/t1.0-9/10421305_10152485532692509_4115760362582809215_n.jpg
DYING
HAHAHAHAHA
HE LOOKS LIKE A KID FROM "THE RUGRATS"
BUT AS A MAN
yep
I was like
"oh look, a wild teen"
HAHA
a wild teen
he still wont add me
what a cock
a wild teen appears
give it money
give it money for cigarettes
HAHA
give it some K2
make it go away
HAHAHAHAHAHA
*teen flees*
K2
haha
almost time to leave...sort of...
dude i dont know how
wait
but i am so in the hole
teen fleas
hahahaha
in the hole?
but dude i made that 550 dollars...and today it is basically gone because of overdue bills and our groceries will be the last of the money
that's the american dream
work all day to be poorer than you were as a kid
i dont understand how i got a 700 dollar paycheck, chris got a 400 dollar one, and then i got another 600 dollars from beck refund and geckos, and we're still poor
i guess im thankful for the extra money
we were late on some bills
and my car isurance is 200 dollars =[
yeah that's a good way to look at it
and DAMN
203 dollars to be precise
it comes out of my bank account at the end of every month whther i have the money or not lol
I don't have a car (praises him)
haha
hahaha
my mom uses those auto pay things
she never actually pays a bill
she just
you know
trusts companies with her bnk accnt #
yea i know hahaha
well i would be able to do that but i never know IF i will have money
and that's a large factor there
Look!! it's us
http://www.linkedin.com/today/post/article/20140620200646-17850276-6-toxic-behaviors-that-push-people-away-how-to-recognize-them-in-yourself-and-change-them?_mSplash=1
oh god hahahaha let me read
ooook
whenever anyone is trying to help me or give me advice, if they tell me to "stop whining", im not going to listen
sorry but thats just how it is
hahaha
stop whining
*shut out: michael's voice*
*initiate*
what the fuck is that
what
what are you doing
i shut you out
JIM WHAT ARE YOU DOING
HAHAHA
IDENTITY THEFT IS A CRIME
NO JIM
NO
(this is all about me)
That one is number one
and asian jim is number 2
i am the victim here, okay? let's talk about someone besides YOU for a minute
jesus
whats YOUR deal
hgahahahaha
sian jim
is number 2
hahahaha'
dude im kind of cruel
if someone fucks me over i have no mercy after that
truly
haha
I have been trying to be the opposite of these things lately
but it's like torture
do you know what it's like to be social when you hate people
it's like my life is a play and im the *superstar*
ive been trying to live in a different way recently.  some of these things apply.  i was actually talking to shayn the other day and i know this sounds insane but he gave me some perspective that no one has given me before
i bet he did
his life has gone to hell
that changes things for people
the reason i am unhappy is not because of what chris isnt doing, it's because of what i AM doing, and i am unsatisfied because i have not met my goals, which is running a successful company and working from home.
they momentarily become insightful before reverting back to shit
that's true.
i have never thought of it this way
all i have to do
to get through this
is endure
maybe 1-2 more years\
I'm unhappy because as much as I claim to hate others and have a self absorbed attitude, I'm a martyr in my relationship
hahaha
i'd say 2 years tops
BUILD FROM THE GROUND....UPPPPPPPPP
dude wait
*starts from the bottom*
"team where r u"
*whole team here*
HAHAHAHAHA
yeezuz
thats funny
hey so you should get matt to join som,e reptile FB groups
that would be such a great way to socialize him
I will
on the internet with fellow people who love reptiles
dude his chameleon is actually doing okay
he's moving and eating well
I KNOW
and to be honest, a lot of these people are still at beginner level as well
he needs to branch out a bit
he needs to stop buying chameleons...haha
I KNOW
I WAS LIKE MATT HOW BOUT
ANYTHING ELSE
i can get him pretty much any reptile he wants at the lowest price and best quality
I made suggestions
if he can get 300 dollars
i can get him a leachie
ariel would sell one for that most likely
for a friend
damn
The cheapest I have EVER seen is a 250 dollar baby, with no lineage info, unsexed, and from a SHIT breeder
oh wow
that's fancy shman
something
whatever
you get the point
HAHA
i do
dude so i finally found the trevor balance
no more push and pull
really now
yes, by monitoring his behaviors i have noticed that he's a lot like me
hahaha
MONITORING HIS BEHAVIORS
*computron computing*
he wants to help, but sometimes his version of help is uneeded or unwanted, but he still insists.  he gets frustrated.  he cannot properly filter his words or emotions, everything from trevor is totally genuine, he has not the IQ to fake interest or even happiness.
he loves being around us and gets angry if we ignore his texts or messages
so the best way to keep a good relationship with trevor is to just not try
hahaha
hahaha
that actually makes sense
i figured him out completely man
when it happened, i swear there was a lightbulb lolol
now i can deal with him without hating him
hes not a journalist
what if i post on josh's wall and say
josh. josh
josh
josh
hahahahaha
i dont know man
do as you wish
hahaha
do u watch 'rail tiem' with will myers
josh
i talk to him like twice a week now
josh?
HAHAHAHA
hunder
french montana
god
hahaha
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=770860802937013&set=a.600440209979074.1073741828.600088923347536&type=1&theater
dude people keep referring to certain animal species as "mainstream"
and im like, shut the fuck up
you cannot call an EXOTIC animal...mainstream
im not the one whos so far away when i feel the snake bite into my vain
HAHAHA
wat the heck
jesus god
bella was like
godsmack is like
"im deletin my fb"
and i was like
the worst
"ok"
and it was like
"you are in a relationship with someone but they dont have fb OBVI"
and now her fb is reactivated 2 days later
hrm...
weird dude
i dont know
MAYBE ITS A FLUKE
A FLUKE
someone with so little social media activity shouldnt care if their FB is active or not
hahaha
she tweets a good bit
it's nothing super interesting
in fact it's all ambiguous and i feel like it's to "worry" me
oh, shes one of THOSE...
twitter is satan
i swear to you
IT IS
the end of the earth will be brought upon by twitter
IT LISTENS TO MY BOICE
and SO
DOES FAVEBOOK.
MY BOICE HUNDER.
once justin beiber gets infinity likes, it's over.
HAHAHAHAHA
i'm tired of seeing italian soccer players on my tL
im tired of seeing soccer
its on the god damned tvs here
theres like 8 tvs in this room
with soccer on them
I would totally be watching the world cup if i had tv
but im too poor
#2poor
FUCK SOCCER
hahaha
I haven't had tv since 2011
hahaha
i havent had it since i lived with mom
so probably 2012
http://www.bellaglass.com/web-store#!/~/product/category=5418794&id=32131059
thats so intricate
i want to get into glass blowing like my leachie breeder friend who does it but he says to start up cheap its at least 1500 dollars =/
holy god
that's mroe  than i thot
i know
he says he has 60k invested
it made me sad
i love glass so much, i really wish i could afford to work on it
chris says once we have money he wants to buy me the tools
yeah that would be so cool
but that will be a long time from now
yeah :/
but at least
you're saying that at a certain point
you can
right?
haaha
well if i dont die or become homeless, yess
so basically if i continue to exist just like this
yes
http://www.buzzfeed.com/jessicamisener/hilarious-youtube-comments
HAHA NUMBER 3
OKAYYYY
almost time!
leaving at the strick o da clock at the 25th minute on the hour
was just on the phone with a lawyer for 45 mintues hahaha
I saw haha
that's so great
do you know how weird it is for a lawyer to resort to a 20 year old's help because the "leaders" of the wv community are avoiding him and spreading misinformation
Where is this guy from? how'd he find you?
he completely understands everything i have been saying about this entire bill and the shitty community we have
he's in maryland i think, someone told him i ran the CARE show i guess
he works with USARK all of the time fighting for exotics rights
I looked him up he has been part of a lot of legal action for exotic animal owners rights
its cool that he like sought you out though
like he clearly knows whats up
seriously though, this cvould not be more convenient...he is going to make these idiots that i hate, that everyone else believes in, he is going to make them look like total dunces and at the same time he is going to actually allow me to help without getting pushed out of the way by the idiots i was referring to
I'm currently creeping on him
his posts are really like....
"politically" active for lack of a better word
haha
lots of updates on USARK issues
who else did he try and contact?
He tried to contact ron and joe, ron ignores him, and joe spews total bullshit
i think he is calling everyone just to get them active but he talked to me about action for like 45 minutes, probably because he sensed i was compitent lol
competent* i just ruined my argument
hahahaha
your competence is invalidated
You're finished.
psh
whatevs
anyways
i have a huge ego boost right now lol
EVERY TIME I TRY TO GET OUT, THEY PULL ME RIGHT BACK IN
i would imagine
haha
the reason i wasnt helping with this bill was because of ron and joe
and they try to spearhead everything for themselves
in reality they have no idea what theyre doing
that's the worst
like people who take charge
but are really ignorant to what they're trying to accomplish
yep
and i hate it so much
and ITS FINALLY STOPPING
I WILL FINALLY WIN
I have a question
YES
If i wanted to get a tattoo here in charleston, where would I go? Or is it just advisable NOT to do that here lol
The only place is black eagle, and depending on what it is you can pick the best artist. I recommend zac. He is pretty personable and did my crested sleeve lol
get ready, you may cry with laffs http://www.buzzfeed.com/hnigatu/people-who-have-absolutely-no-chill
14 and 15 loololol
OH GOD NUMBER 18 HAHAHAHA
LOOK AT TREVORS FACEBOOK HAHAHA
?
not friends iwth him haha
OH NO
OH NO
WHAT IS *THAT*
the doll?!
and there looks to be another doll, holding hands with THAT doll
theres a doll in a carseat
Okau
but
i mean
the brown thing
i have one idea of what it is
the brown thing?
behind the dolls hands
i dont know hahaha
probably a dog
but
he's been talking to this girl on FB in comments
and she once mentioned going to coonskin with him, but she cant, because he has no carseat
is he in a civil union with her
wht is tht abt
and he said he was working on "accomodating"
hahahahaha
her name is sierra
she is black
and has a baby
he's not "that" nice
he just has a disability
haha
Trevor Payne
15 hours ago
Silly queeze
Trevor Payne
16 hours ago
So inappropriate at appropriate times.
LikeLike    Share
6 people like this.

Trevor Payne Know I dont
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
SILLY QUEEZE
what is he
HE IS MENTALLY CHALLENGED
IQ <80
Trevor Payne
June 25
Nail clippers and swimming trunks
hahahahahahahahahaha
PASTORS ARRESTED
like you could do the same thing
with fisherman
or factory workers
or therapists
hahahaha
HWTA
HAHAHA
WHAT
He posted this thing
about all these pastors who raped kids
I don't care what your occupation is
you raped a kid
haha
HAHAHA
dude
DUDE
IF YOU WANT TO SEE A RECENT CONVERSATION ABOUT RAPE
is trevor like a Buddhist or something
GO TO CHRIS' FACEBOOK STATUS ON HIS FACEBOOK PAGE
*click*
oh no
FOLLOW MEEEEEEE
*click*
*transports to Chris' Facebook page: Timeline*
I think I just explained what he wanted to be explained
hahahahah the caption "hold on my sister has the money", and then its a doll in a fucking child's car seat holding some flowers
he wanted to troll
Who?
Chris or trevor?
hahaa
that caption on trevor's photo, is the first part.  chris wanted to troll, is the second part.
and the girl on there fighting
is his ex
and she mentions that chris "saved her from being raped"
and chris told me she was rolling in the floor with her tits out screaming SOMEBODY FUCK ME, and he carried her out the door and made her go home
AND SHE THINKS THAT IT WOULD HAVE BEEN RAPE IF SOMEONE FUCKED HER
I mean
well
she just would have gotten the fucking she wanted
Lol
I don't know if that's rape IF that's what she said and did
exactly but she's a feminist saying that would have been rape, and it wouldnt be.  thats what bothers me about rape culture. she would have deserved it.
No one deserves rape. That's awful dude haha
Also, I read some of this conversation
She badly wants to be a feminist
but she doesn't seem very
together?
all there?
lol
she just seems like she wants to argue
and that is counterintuitive when you're talking about rape
also I'm amazed at how expensive it is to care for reptiles. just four of them
HOW DO YOUR SURVIVE
hahaha codi is cool she is just sort of dumb.  and i make my own food, order in bulk, and use cheap/minimalist/clean materials.  I need to buy another box of 250,000 portion cups.
matt is like
lets buy worms and crickets
every week
it's not cheap
he needs to buy in bulk...
he thinks that's what he's doing
going without a petco trip for two weeks is buying in bulk
but not really
hahaha
if he wants us to order mealworms for him he can just ask
he bugs me with this shit sometimes
or you can lol
like he spends days at a time at my grandmothers
i take care of his reptiles
but acts like their his whole life
STAY HERE MATT
STAY HEREEEEEE
HAHAHAHA
he gets up at 6 am with my mom and i to go to my grandmas
my mom is coming over tonight
he has a ps3 and all his pets here
im going to play seinfeld until she leaves
OH NO
haha
i think im part jewish or something
OH NOOO
HAHAHAH
because my mom is so fucking jewy
she doesnt know her dad
it would explain her diva attitude
and our thick hair
hahahaha
HAHAHAHA
*diva*
i mean
she named her make up company
~FABULOSITY~
are you kidding
fuck her
hahahahahahahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
omg
SHE DESERVES RAPE
hahahaha
just kidding
EHHHHHHHHH
HAHAHAHAHAH
I WAS LIKE
SHES STILL YOUR MOM
hahahahahah
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
haha
oh patches
hahahaa
jeeebus
so i have a dilemma
present it to me
i dont have much interest in talking to josh all of the time, but i would like to talk to him occasionally, but it seems like he has withdrawal since i stopped paying attention to him
and now every time i try to start a conversation he shuts it down
sometimes he nice and talks but when hes "in a modd" he withdrawals
he sucks at conversations
*mood
you have to force it
like
when he shuts it down
keep going
ignore his ignorance
haha
CONTROL THE SITUATION
i will try
let me try
what should i talk to him about
im going to rape him with my words
he has no say
theyre coming at him
right
me:  so soccer has been happening i hear.
did the team do the thing and get the points?
s'all i got
call him clyde until he's pissed and answers
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHA
i might if he ignores me
if i go home and i have no answer
i will start the clydes
the army of clydes
oh god
I almost spelled it with a t instead of a d
and then I didn't
oh got dammit
matt said
he said
"MICHAEL"
"MICHAEL"
DO YOU KNOW THAT SONG "HAMMER SMASHED FACE" BY "CANNIBAL CORPSE"
HAHAHAHA
WHY MATT
HE HAD HIS FACE SMASHED
OH NO
HAMMER
SMASHED
BREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
dun du du udud dudun dudn undudn udund undund und BRRRRREEEEEEGGGGGGGGGGELATO
HAHAHAHAHAA
What's the name of that guy thay does the weird weather for casts on youtube
Haha
frankie macdonal
mcdonald?
Can I come chill?
you should be able to, just gotta leave work lol.  we're cleaning/feeding geckos tonight so as long as that's okay with you, for sure
question, would you pay money for this photo, 5x7, in a white frame?
Yes
okay good. next question.  if you had to say what you (or someone else) should pay for this, what would it be?
this is actually gecko unrelated, this is purely about the worth of the photo quality and product lol
it costs me about 7 dollars to make one that size
25. Higher for different types of photos possibly. If we're talking about your photos
Wow awesome haha, I am a terrible judge of what my things are worth so I needed help figuring out pricing.
I'm going to do a marketing experiment
im going to auction one off
on my business page
Do it.
see how much someone will pay
also
if it does well
i will sell them as sets
2 with the same frames, meant to hang vertically
*3
and then you can choose to buy all 3 for a discount or 1-2 of them for 20 dollars or something
just a little side business that is way cheaper than i thought
hahaha
i can make an 11x14 frame, mat, and photo for 15 dollars
That's a good idea
Do it of the animals your selling
Dude that is LIT-RALLY synergy
hahaha
well
i would want to do photos of my very best animals though
not ones im selling
i want them to look like trophies
theyre living art
inject nutrients into the eggs with your syringe
inject that chemical that induces labor in adult human women
nooo
haha
so many bad things would happen
dude it's official
I need structure in my life
I was given the option to work from home today
guess how much I've gotten done
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
nothing
I have an appointment at black eagle today and I'm kind of more interested in that
the hours between now and then
I could work slowly
BUT I DO NOT LIKE THIS FREEDOME I HAVE BEEN GIVEN
WHAT TATTOO
WHY DIDNT YOU TELL ME
i fergot
It's one of those real cheesy chemistry nomenclature tattoos of "gamma aminobutyric acid."
HAHA LIKE TRAVIS HAS
his is DMT though
lol
but wait
yeah mine is a neurotransmitter
wgar is that kemicle
OH
ohhhh
That's the fun part
YEah
im excited for you!
tip number one, DONT PICK
tip number two, when it starts to scab, keep a THIN layer of h2ocean on it to keep it from cracking and ruining some of the color saturation
It's the most common neurotransmitter in the body. It reduces anxiety, levels you out kind of. It's primary receptor is the receptor for every drug man has ever taken, including alcohol. Also stops seizures when levels are increased. This is why I am a giant geek.
OH ok
h2o ocean
like
the gauges stuff?
hahaah
also can i point out that you said "wgar is that kemicle"
HAAHAHA
but i mean like
like what even hahahaha
they have a tube of vaseline type stuff
h2ocean does
get the tiny tube
it will last
OH okay I see
Im guessing the urge to pick will be high
it will be
dont even touch it
if it itches, slap it
hahaha
dude I do that anyway when i have a bug bite so it doesn't get infected or anything
*SLAP*
hahahaha
HAHAHAHA
after the scab falls off
the skin will still be peeling
just softer layers
at that point
you can start really rubbing the lotion into the skin
hahahaha
HAHAHAHA
*rubs the lotion on the skin*
LOLOL
so today im going to spend all day
vaping my 4 new vape juices
*blueberry swag puff*
and taking pitchers
of geckos
*hashtag* Team vape 4 gex
#ballinonclouds
hey will you be home later? i need to print a gecko label lol
My appt is at 630. Haha. So I honestly don't know ._.
fuck i need to call john but im so tired
fuckfuckfuck
this is my 2nd day off runnig errands and chris is sitting there playing monster hunter
here, this is what im auctioning
Well I'm home until then
i just dont want to have to drop them off until i have to, which is around 8
i dont want their cold pack to thaw out
i am watching a documentary
its christians explaining weird skulls found in digs and stuff
and they'reclaiming that they are "giants of babylon"
HERES THE KICKER
they are calling them "bene ha elohim" which apparently means FALLEN SONS OF GOD
bene ha elohim
lolol
HAHA
bene ha elohim
THE LANGUAGE
dude im so tired and just worn down
Benihana elohim
really?
what have you been doing
its my weekend, i dont even remember yesterday, today i woke up at 9 and then woke chris up, only so he could decide to call off work.  then ive been preparing this shipment of geckos all day and ive had to drive all over hell and back, im still not done.
i need to go to the fucking library, print the label, then put the cold pack in, then go to fedex
i feel like i do everything
if im doing all the business and driving and networking
why do i have to even ask chris to help with maintenance?
i dunno dude.
he should be cleaning and feeding them daily just because of MY work
i understand what you're saying
but make sure you don't get too much of an ego if you discuss this with him
it could come off in a way that isn't productive at all
im done discussing it
unlesss
you're jsut venting
nothing happens
ok
haha
im just going to do what i want as long as he does the same
I guess I'm going to have to come over. I want to die and I don't want to keep living with Chris but whatever, this is life.  He waited until now to tell me the library closes at 5
okay. I'm sorry :/
Bella ended it
tell me details so i can know what to say
it was the same way as before
what do you mean? just no reason?
she was like hysterical. She said she "needed to do it." She said she didn't want to, but she needed to. She said she doesn't feel mature enough to be in a committed relationship, she said she wants to just be single. We ended on really good terms, and things are way less awkward than when she was kind of wishy washy about this. Like it almost feels like we're closer because it happened. I dunno. But we were both unbelievably upset and confused. And then it was that whole "we can have the same dynamic minus the relationship part" that everyone says, but I kind of believe this time, just for the fact that things have already kind of normalized. She said maybe in the future, but I just can't right now" type of things. She was like "I don't want to say I can see us together in the future even though I can, because I don't know what I'll be feeling." She puked like 3 times, and almost passed out trying to explain this to me.
OH and she made it really clear that she loved me
and it wasn't about that
I think we will probably end up together again honestly if we start hanging out.
That's kind of what I feel like when I get to that point with Chris but then can't go further
Because I am poor and I would be back at my mom's without someone helping me
and without chris i would probablykill myself
or start doing hard drugs
he doesn't have the emotionally maturity to deal with it
I mean I'm pretty fucking upset
but
I think if two people are meant to be together it's not a huge deal if they break up. They will probably end up back together.
on the other hand, I'm prepared for the opposite of that
But I don't expect it.
I totally understand what you're saying and agree with it
putting a label on something doesnt change what it is
sometimes it's easier to fit into things if the label is off
Right.
Exactly.
Like honestly, she said she wants to be as close as we used to, just in a different way. I mean, after so long under those terms it'll just reboot. I think she just needs a serious break.
I have based part of my future on things I think she would like and be interested in
I have not changed those in my head yet
today, kendall is coming into town
this is going to be a long story so
prepare
oh no
but its equally important maybe
haha okay
she has crohn's and just left the ER, she's in there all the time.  she lives in VA beach but she was with her friend and her friend's husband and kid in lewisburg.  so she goes to the ER, and then her friend goes to ohio for some reason.  Her friend's husband then taqkes all of kendall's stuff, packs it up, and says she needs to go home.  so kendall cant drive 7 hours with her crohns flaring up and im letting her stay at my house tonight
oh no
haha
that is SOME KINDA story
anyways, she was going to let her friend and family live in a shared condo on the beach and her mom was going to hire them both to work for her company.  and now kendall wants her mom to hire me and chris.  and rent a condo on the beach with us.
and chris is just
"no"
better pay for both of us
but he wont deal with a room mate
4 bedroods, 2 1/2 baths
on the beach
with me and chris and one of our oldest friends
and he cant do it
im too stressed to work dude
i just cant od anything
im useless
Hey
Waddap
At the bank. How's work today
I called off because Kendall is in.  I think I'm going to move to virginia beach in September.
I want you to but I don't
You know
If you do
End the reptile show here..don't let Jamie and chad control it
You know I feel like I'm letting down the wv reptile community by doing it but they don't appreciate me.  And honestly Jamee and chad are on board to end the show because of the ban that will probably be instated
Whatever you feel is right dude
We'll be selling insurance making 13-16 dollars an hour plus commission. They cover the 2k dollar course to certify you to sell insurance in all of the US.
That sounds like a sweet gig
We're looking at a 4 bedroom condo with 2 1/2 baths and 2 living rooms. It's all brand new. I can't believe this is even happening
When I come visit it will be awesome
Yes dude there's a bay to kayak in and places to fish and a shooting range and hookah bars and vape bars and grubhub and everything I could ever want hahaha
And #shoebies
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
yes
I'm bringing that back
I'm going to be so happy
And free from my mom
I will come and stay for like a week at a time. And live on the beach while you slave away selling insurance.
We can go to Tinley either by flight or by having Kendall drive some too
By bird or by horse to Tinley of course a laughing and laughing we'll go
*smashing*
HAHA YES
I love that
I need to really start saving money
Because the down payment on that house is probably going to be expensive
Hopefully we could get our deposit back on this house
I bet you could
that's how they usually go
dude I'm so depressed I can not find joy in anything. I want it to stop
Well im not very good at suggesting coping mechanisms hahaha.  Maybe read a book or play some games.
i want to go to south hills and kill all of the rich people's dogs
I almost said something else
but I forget that we are in a state of constant surveillance
hahahaha
so kendall is buying one of our leo[pard gecko babies lol
she has a sugar daddy that pays for all her shit
she's been buying us food for every meal
Holy god hahahaha
yea dude
she's so nice
chris just sort of forgot how easy it is to live with her
she slept until 4 pm, and we just carried out with our normal activities and she was not disturbed hahaha
Hahahaha
What is she doin here again
well
she was in the hoispitsal
mkalnfajnfp
she has crohns
bad
and her friends she was staying with put her shit out while she was in the hospital
she was originally offering them the jobs, because they have akid and needed help
but they fucked her and expected her to drive 7 hours back to VA beach after getting out of the hospitalk
so she drove the charleston instead
*to
Matt just referred go pig as swine
At me
HAHAHA
matt is hilarious
i had sonny on his balcony, taking photos of him in the flower pot
and matt saw me out there and freaked a little
haha
He just told me to gaze into the beauty of my cat
And then looked at him
And said
WHAT BIG EYES YOU HAVE, DOCTOR
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/500x/52033839.jpg
MATT IS POSTING PHOTOS
LIKE THEM
OKAY
so i may have to move in august
in order to get down there, have enough time to get a paycheck, and come back up for the reptile show on september 6th
hey
reassure me
dammit
we will have to drive 15 hours to chicago, 15 hours back
or we can fly, which would be like 400 dollars a piece
at least for us
Everything will be good
Well figure it out
i told my dad, got a strangely optimistic and approving response form him
chris told his mom, and even she was happy.  we thought she would lose her shit
it's like the universe is giving us greenlights
we would be making enough money that technically i wouldnt have to work at all, but i would want to
Dude making 13 to 14 an hour is about what licensed practical nurses make at highland. It's a solid amount and with two of you working you'd live comfortably.
I condone your choice as well
im just afraid that something could go wrong.  i want everything to be set in stone so i know that it cant.
OkY
Well
What could go wrong
Let's go over it
well her and her mom have already told me they would gladly give us the jobs
but i want to actually legally have the job
also i want to get approved for a house, because even though almost all of the condos down there are pet friendly, geckos could still be a problem at some places
and if we get down there and just something goes wrong
i dontknow
im not used to good things happening
You could Check that last one for sure
And i know
i just need it to be set in stone so i can go ahead and make sure everything is perfect
itll cost us about 400 dollars to move
and the deposit on most of the houses is like 400 dollars, split between the 3 of us
i need to buy a business casual wardrobe
lol
all long sleeves, i cant show tattoos
ill have toput a band aid on my hand haha
Haha business casual
yea dude
no tattoos
i may be able to have colored hair
but i need dress shirts and skirts and stuff haha
That's not so bad
no it isnt, a small sacrifice for the outcome
I've been having to wear button up shirts and ties and I've gotten used to it
Haha
im sort of excited
i will look like an adult
i'll officially be a yuppie
like, for real
i will beupper middle class
and young
and wearing button up shirts
at the beach
hahaha
I'm very happy for you
I type the letter I
And my phone suggests this:
#inject
hahahaha
#michaelsphoneproblems
I hate that bella texted me to tell me to have a good day but won't respond to other texts I send. I have also had a stomach virus for almost two weeks and I am going to the doctor and I'm miserable
YOU'RE HAPPY BUT AT MT EXPENSE
MY*
since when have you been sick? lolol
never mentioned it to me
I've had a stomach bug that no over the counter medicine has been able to help
IT'S UNSTOPPABLE
SHUT UP
I'm convinced I have
I don't even want to say it
Hahahahaha
MONO
parasites
Jesus
HAHAHA
You suck at this game
Hahaha
whatever, get out
dude i cant wsit still
they blocked more of my shit at work
but i cant care
because ill be making *lift off*
Fuck that
And them
i need to know asap when i can tell my boss im leavbing
because i want him to know
lolol
I know where I'm going when I get back for Christmas this year. To the god damn beach. DO THIS FOR ME
THIS IS FOR THE BETTER OF MAN KIND
it really is
i promise
but yea it's going to be either 3 bedroom or 4 bedroom
most likely 4
so there will be plenty of room for you
*yes with long 's'*
*hand yes motion*
*hand yes motion*?
"A-Okay?
The one where you make a fist and pull your elbow down towards yourself vertically
ohhh
*awwwwh yeaaaa*
like that
you should bring me *lunh*
lol
lurnch
seriously i would kill for a cheeseburger
i might go get one
I'm going to the doctor at 2:30. Like a general practitioner thag accepts my insurance for a check up hahaha
And I'm off tomorrow which is YESSSS
yayyyy
tomorrow we should *hang*
"out"
I do work Saturday at 7 am sadly
But yes
i work saturday but not that early
so
blegh
I work Sunday but not until 3
damn lame hours
so tomorrow it is lol
It honestly doesn't matter if it's today tomorrow or Sunday considering you work at 11 either way haha
yea and i do get off work early today but im exhausted
tomorrow is best i fink
chris just said
kendall is "sleep vaping"
she is holding her mod up to her mouth and "vaping", but isnt pressing the button
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
JESUS FUCK
hahahahaha I KNOW
HE SAYS SHE'S SNORING
WITH HER VAPE IN HER MOUTH
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
That's the best story evar
she's going to be such a great room mate
she makes me feel like a beauty queen while i sleep
she looks just
like a hot mess
hahahaha
Isn't she kind of though haha
a little bit but not really
she has crohn's
so she is much healthier now, or more health conscious
That's an awful illness
Life is just uncomfortable
yes
so
thankfully we will have separate bathrooms haha
but she sleeps through everything
and she doesnt even have a boyfriend, just some F.W.B. that she goes to see
and then some riuch guy who she uses his money
but she doesnt date either
hahaha
so my boss just left
i guess it's time for food lol
*no gay sex happening here*
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=662644387144027&set=pcb.662645710477228&type=1&theater
matt just shared a video of your aunt's dog doing nothing for like a full minute hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAYA
OMG
yes dude
hahahaha
I'm at like a general practitioner getting a check up for the first time since middle school
Imagine all the disease I've accumulated since then
so many diseases
I want electro shock therapy. I want to start anew as a human. I wonder if they'll write a script
HAHA
i want my skin replaced with silicone
like a matte powdery feeling silicone
i want bones made of air plane metal
whatever that is
teeth of goat
eye of lamb
Lamb of god
eye of god
god's lamb eyes
I have to get blood tests because I have every symptom of mono except one hahahaha
lolol i said mono!
not parasites
I'm bothered by blood work because I don't want then to find like secret diseases
"secret diseases"
what diseases are you hiding michael?
Hopefully not mono
I hate when doctors are bothered when patients are educated about things
That just happened to me
And i was like IM SORRY I MEANT TO BE STUPID
dude that happens to me
HAHA
"IM SORRY I MEANT TO LET YOU CRAM YOUR OPINION DOWN MY THROAT"
JUST SAW MY FRIENDS MOM AT THE DOCTORS OFFICE NOTHING IS WORSE THAN SEEING SOME ONE AT THE DOCTORS OFFICE SO WEIRD
oh god i hate that
because then they think
youre like
diseased
which you are
hahahaha
THEY KNOW YOUR SECRETS
larry david gets angry about there being a sign in sheet at the doctors office because just anybody can see that youre there
Dude
By paw
Law
After you sign it
They black your name out with marker
That's part of HIPPA
SO
What's the point of the name anyway haha
ive always wondered the same thing
you shouldnt have to sign in
that's what their scheduling system is forf
lol
Now it's mainly electronic
So it eliminates the need for signing
Which is counter intuitive
hahaha
i have the worst song stuck in my head
its the new die antwoord one
entirely about ninja's penis
GET IT OUT
Ew
That's popsicle
NONSENSICLE
My mom said she took a bunch of pills and is trying to kill herself
I had to call the police
Oh my fucking god
She was using auicide to get me to come see her. She wanted me to come "get the lizard" or it would die
And Chris and Kendall don't even care
Dude holy shit
Earlier she told Chris she wanted to die and he just didn't mention it to me
The medic is checking her out
They got to her, she's talking and stuff
I'm a wreck
DUDE
I'm so sorry
Chris hasn't even hugged me or anything
He's just acting pissed off
Dude she's mentally ill and threatening to take her life
I don't like hee
But I am concerned
She is your mom
Ibknow why is she making me responsible for her safety
She needs locked up
She needs serious help
Why does this have to happen to me
I don't know :(
How are things
Haven't heard anything else. I'm assuming they took her to the hospital at least for overnight.
hey
dude kendall is still at my house -.-
erm
why?
haha
she hasnt left
"waiting for the storm to pass"
in VA
but i think it already has
Doesn't she have like a job to get back to or something
lol
no lol
shes on the phone bitching
with some dude
again
but other than that HOWS TODAY GOIN
about to make some eeeggs
are you not at work today?
nope
i have a sort of vacation
i work tomorrow
but then im off until wednesday
OH ok. today is my only day off so we should hangout if possible haha
yes i agree
i will update u
Ok
we are grilling out today, my mom said to tell you that you and chris are welcome to come eat lol
chris is working =/ kendall hasnt left but if she does soon ill come over
dang it. but okay
im revamping my music collection
start giving me some ideas to download
beck
all of it
outside of the normal scope of what I have already
THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX
i have no idea dude
haha
i have no new music
ok ok
listen to best coast
see if you like them
Ok
I mentioned this new legislation to matt
he goes
"I'll leave this place and everyone in it"
"they can't take kratos. They don't even know kratos"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
they wont go after kratos
but thats hilarious
they wont go after anyone
it's like the law that says people our age can't drink and no one can smoke marijuana
unless you get pulled over with a car full of exotic animals
WHATEVER
hHAHAHA
thats a good point
so my mom wants to csall the cops on us
as a "Surpirse"
because cops searched her house looking for her
because she wouldnt talk to them
and they didnt really knowq who they were looking for
so now im just waiting for cops at some point
chris wrote her a long letter about her bein insane
that's not helpful
you can't fight crazy with rationality
you fight it with irrationality
so did she actually take a bunch of pills
i dont know
probably just xanax
now she hates me
i tolf her she needs help
and that shes evil
and im moving away
\
you need to move so badly
this is not healthy for you
i know im tryting to but kendall has to secure a job first
im so depressed man
i want hard drugs
i cant afford them
financially or mentally
but thats all i can tink would make me happy
I know :./
i don't know what to tell you
I mean
I'm depressed too but on a different level. I'm also on mood stabilizers. Which puts me at a real disadvantage in trying to undetstand
but I'm here for you to vent to
i just wish i had drugs
or i could leave now
i dont want to wait
I know
everything is a process though
it's like a shittier version of groundhog day
I want to leave too haha
every day
god
wow
yeah
i mean, truly
i always notice the most when i come home and sit down
and im like, here i am again
on the ocuch
nothing to watcj
watch
I mean that's kind of really small compared to the real issues
having nothing to watch is better than not having the option to watch
I GUESS
*Optimism*
its deeply depressing to me because then i hjust sit and eat
oir sit and smoke
or sit and cry
if i cantr watch
Can I ask you a question?
yes
What do you imagine that life is supposed to be like? Like me, you're very analytical, and I just want your take on what you should ideally be doing
ideally i would like every day to center around a goal that is actually tangibnle in at least some aspects
there may be some repition but theres a solid goal
repitition
you can do that to an extent. You can set small goals. You are a very big picture person so that is hard
yea i like big and small goals
i dont know, i think i should be able to eat well
like, healthy cooked food
nothing from taco bell
i wish i had a kitchen and the money for grpceries to have it like that
instead, i struggle to buy ingredients that go together
and end up having a bunch of weird condiments i cant eat at the end of the week
I wish I could recommend you to someone who could help you
but
if you're leaving
like
I dunno how much that would really help
well im trying to find out what's going on as soon as i can
i might not know for several weeks
well
okay
but I'm gonna send these two things anyway: 

http://wvuhealthcare.com/wvuh/Find-Doctor/Search?keyword=Dialectical%20Behavior%20Therapy

http://www.hsc.wvu.edu/charleston/som/Beh-Med/Patient-Care/Default.aspx


In KC at memorial. They use dbt and can help with BPD and stuff. IF you have the time and figure out what's going on with all this moving stuff.
for now i think im going to endure until i hear something form kendall
yeah that's what I would do.
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST https://scontent-b-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/t1.0-9/q86/s480x480/10444537_663374287071037_7006495975428013704_n.jpg
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHHAHA
YOU CAN TELL
RIGHT
OH MY GOD
HE WAS TRYING TO TAN
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HE SAID
"SO BURNT TODAY"
HW JUAT Qnted to get a basegoing
hahhahaahhaahhaha
his facce is just
hahahahahahahahahahaha
pure agony
like soomeone forced him to take the picture
did he put olive oil on his skin and travel to venus
how does that happen to human skin
HAHAHA HES RUSSIAN
hes so white
hes an idiot
*White russian*
*teambasetan
YOU COULD SAY HES
"WELL SEASONED"
HAHA
im watching ONE OF penn and teller's magic related shows
where am i in my life
god
was that chris's idea
like
I imagine him saying
LETS WATCH PENN AND TELLER
haha
pretty much
"ya wanna check this out"
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=337691356355879&set=a.194894987302184.23538.194776437314039&type=1&theater
Can I come over tonight?
chyea dood
we're gonna have tacos
also i just like
made one of my little geckos worth 250 dollars, when i normally would have sold it for 70
this dude is obsessed with the sibling because it's amazing, and he wants the gecko, and he said he would pay "a pretty penny"
so i asked for 250 dollars, and he asked me to try to sex it, and he hopes it's male, which means he thinks it's truly worth that money because for someone to pay 250 for a male means thats a nice ass male
im sorry im just excited that i might have some extra bill money lol
i'd rather not put off my car payment until the last minute
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=318117728313242&set=pb.194776437314039.-2207520000.1404577052.&type=3&theater
Is chris at work today
yes
we r both @ werk
0K
I am with matt and I was going to see if I could stop by to get thay enclosure and let matt look at your animals. I mean i would later but he falls asleep so early haha
yea eye understand
if i were there now, i would let you inside through the door
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=316305795161102&set=pb.194776437314039.-2207520000.1404577052.&type=3&theater
Matt is going to come with me but I'll take him home after a little bit. (Probably half an hour lol)
okay thats fine lol
so like
listen to this fucking shit
k
my grandma earlier said that she was taking matt to a cookout at someones house who went to church with her and matt and they have a son close to matts age who "has trouble making friends" 

I am in the car with matt going to south ridge, and he discloses to me that this kid has SEVERE spina bifida, cant walk, remember names, or even hold a conversation. He said verbatim  "he has some pretty severe neurological issues."

My grandma thinks matts MR and tried to set up a play date with a kid who is actually fucking MR
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
IM SO SORRY
I AM SO PISSED OFF
I WAS LIKE MATT
CANT STOP LAUGFHING
YOU ARENT GOING THERE
FUCKING OLD CUNT
FUCK HER
thats so fucked up
she wants him to have friends that cant speak to him
she is literally a case study. Creates an "enmeshed" family where a kid is forced to take on a sick role and she can nurture them
she is a fucking nut case
but dude
that story I told
Once I realized everything when matt was saying it
I almost laughed and wrecked
HAHAHAHA
no
dont do that
Here's another quote
"Certain parts of his brain, are just not working right I don't think. Some pretty important parts i dunno"
"but he's pretty nice to me"
awwww =/
poor sweet matt
I WANT JUSTICE FOR HIM
He was ready to accept this fate
I DO TOO
THE WORLD IS JUST OUT TO FUCK HIM OVER
okay so i have to tell you
HE NEEDS A WIN IN LIFE
Okay
tell me
i cant breathe because
chris sent me a photo of a guy
blowing clouds
in a mega church during the sermon
he's probably a dad as well
HAHAHAHAHAAHA
NOOOO
you know how those christians are
PLEASE SEND IT TO ME
OH MY FUCKING GOD
PLEASE
i cant because i cant send files from work anymore
cocksuckers
i need to leave here lol
im gonna try to go to vA BEACH on auguyst 5th
to check it out
Awesome dude
and hopefully have more info on the job then
Woooo!
im seriously praying to non-christian jesus to help me with this
i need everything to go perfectly
JUDAEO-CHRISTIAN FALSE-GOD!!
*bless you*
HAHAHA
judaeo christian
they blockjed everything but facebook basicqally
so ive been reading posts from ">implying video games are fun" all day
theyre hilarious
hahaha
what
its like
video game player, /b/-esque humor
but more adult
SLIGHTLY
hAhaha
SLIGHTLY
because everyone thinks theyre so grown up
thats the only reason why
dude read this
i lost
\my
shit
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=314134998711515&set=pb.194776437314039.-2207520000.1404577052.&type=3&theater
HAHAHAHAHA
JESUS CHRIST
FIRED
HAHAHAHAHA'
hahahaha
the future man
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=309135029211512&set=pb.194776437314039.-2207520000.1404577052.&type=3&theater
Just a reminder..no weed while matt is there obvi
i know lol
now that cops may show up at any time
i have it hidden
HAHA OMG I FORGOT ABOUT THAT
dude
???
so
bellas mom, literally gave me so much stuff for my apartment that I'm not going to have to get anything. Like  NICE ass stuff. It's so weird
like she has furnished my home
haha
hahaha
thats her way of apologizing for bella
her grandparents also gave me stuff
like
I feel like
If you break up with someone, and then your family showers you with gifts, then you have made a grievous error
haha
yea lol she has indeed erred
i took a bunch of gecko photos
kendall came back again and then left
thankfully
I swear someone would buy those
she slept on the couch again last night
no one wanted my auction photo
its sitting in my living room
the starting bid was 10 dollars
who slept on the couch again last night? haha
kendall and houdini
the fucking dude she brought with her and never mentioned to me
i sort of know him
from the mall
WAIT
NO
NOT HOUDINI
THAT DUDE
yes dude
IS THE WORST
HE IS A TRASH PERSON DUDE
he's way nicer and better than he used to be
HE IS WHY THAT WORD WAS INVENTED
HE'S ALWAYS BEEN NICE
he's not super trashy anymore
BUT HE'S A SLEEZBAG
oh really?
haha
but he is a homeless musician
yea
jesus christ
you are running a halfway house
he looks like jim morrison
hahaha
i am dude
3 people have slept on my couch
this week
(including me)
yes hahaha
you fucking
people
dude so answers me this
lolol
I don't remember going to sleep on your couch. I remember saying demons and watching something about magic on youtube. How did we switch places? It's just bothering me because I haven't drank that irresponsibly since high school
youre depressed lol
I know. I cried in the car listening to john mayer on the way home from work and as I type this I am laughing at myself but it is also kind of sad
hahaha
I LOST MY SHIT ON MY GRANDMA TOO
ABOUT THAT MENTALLY RETARDED KID
AND MATT
OH NOOOO
OOHHHHH *NOOOOO*
tell!!!
I played her game
I was super passive aggressive about it
winked a lot
and then asked if she'd eaten
I later discussed it with my mom and she was like "she is the worst human I've ever met"
hahahahaha
dude no, my mom is the worst human
In a different way. They are opposite ends of the crazy spectrum with the same basic goal.
your mom is more transparently crazy
my grandmas crazy is just as evil, but she's like...the kind of crazy lady that talks through her teeth
the day my mom dies
will be the saddest and greatest day of my life
I've prepared my grandmothers eulogy. Have you prepared your moms?
hahaha
HOLY SHIT
that's coming soon
Your invited to the show
LOLOL
i wont have a eulogy for my mom until she dies
because she is constantly shifting
HAHA
you're right
it has to match perfectly to her personality right before she dies
exactly
it makes me so sad that she pushes me away
i want to help her and comfort her
but she wont allow anyone in
I know what you mean
she has to always be the alpha person
and will never ever listen to someone over herself
ever
I have this messiah complex to where I think I can always help/fix if given the chance and when there's someone who I can't help, I can't deal
yea
thats sort of how i feel
like, im very depressed about it
I am kind of like that with my sister
she is the source of my depression
i know
i got to take some good gecko photos today
hatching geckos, buying geckos, and taking gecko photos
are my favorite things in life
yeah the leachie  one was my favorite
My favorite things in life are drinking and antagonizing others
also, i love being alone
and antagonizing others
lolol
I love being alone and bitching about being alone
because the minute I'm not alone
it becomes a *hassle*
we both love antagonizing others
EXACTLY
dealing with people is work for me
like, actual stress and effort
we often gossip about people we don't even know anymore and talk about them like dog shit
hahaha
HAHA
well
i firmly believe that my thoughts are valid and i will share them
even if they are crazy
i still think them
hahaha
like
the very fact that you acknowledge that, is enough to keep you on ice just thick enough to survive without regular therapy
hahah
yea i mean i know when im being a dick
i might be crazy but im not delusional
lolol
this morning i did something noble for my #health
I made an omelet instead of having a poptart
Shockingly, better than poptarts
hahahaha
i have lost my appetite
im hardly even eating
but now all I want is omelet
am i autis
HAHA
i made eggs for breakfast the other day
they was gud
avacoda
my gecko pictures are so nice to look at
i just want to admire every color and scale
they are nice to look at
chris wants me to print out a 20 by 30 poster of one of our leachies
you cant buy a poster with a leachie on it lol
but i can make one
with your handcraft
well, with walmarts photo center 8praise the lord*
he is praisen
rise with us now y'all
* weezy singing* "ascend to heaven, the number eleven, you gotta be beggin, to get into heaven"
dick ass
*yung moolah babay*
money
money
money money
*claws pinching*
dude when i think about the money chris and i will be making if everything works out
i cant even imagine it as real
I know
im going to be so generous, i want to give everyone everything i can
i love giving people animals
You'll be much better off than me haha. Like that is serious middle class business dude.
it's so awesome
i know, i can make up to 16 an hour, plus commission
it's possible to make 5k a month on commission
SIXTEEN
OH MY GOD
if you sell well
WHAT
I THOUGHT YOU SAID 14
i start at 13-14
holy shit
and can move up to 16
with commission the whole time
i make commission on every policy i sell
holy god
kendall made 2k on one guy once
insuring his cars
i bet you couldn't make that with the same job here
hell no dude hahaha
im so fucking excited
I would be too
this is why im putting up with houdini and kendall
worth it
what's that guys real name
after 6 months of living there i could basically move out
haha
if i needed tpo
mark dylan
i call him mark
it's hard to believe that he's not a dirt bag if he still goes by that
hahahaha
OH
OKAY
I THINK I KNEW THAT
*claws pinching*
hahaha
yes
but
i hope so badly that this works out
more than anything
this is the turening point in my life that ive been dying for
it is
it's come at a good time
at the exact time that my life at work is going to shit and we're becoming trapped in the cycle that everyone who never leaves here gets trapped in
working check to check
barely having money to survive
that's like 85% of america
and you can escape the check to check lifestyle
that's so awesome
our rent will be doubled, but that's it.  everything else will cost the same, but my car insurance will be cheaper in october, and we will be making about twice what we are makinh per month now
ill have money to come visit charleston or go wherever lol
we can go on trips!
That will be awesome
and I can come to va beach
holy god i love it there
it's like the not trash people clean version of ...any other beach
mainly because it's an actual city not just a beach
yea haha, there's a trader joes lolol
we're going to be
YUPPIES
shoobie
richard nixon
burgers
drinking at church
irritable bowl syndrome
HAHAHA
crohn's disease
is a form of burger
my sister is back and already running shit
convinced my mom to driv eher out to teays valley and we can't afford to do that
like
fuckin
-.-
your mom is partially responsible
she is
i would ground her ass so fast
she created a monster
also that's what she said
she's not 18, if she leaves and runs away she's committing a crime in WV
and could go to juvie
lolol
i know we've been there before
my mom says shes not taking responsibility for her in novemeber (when she turns 18)
awesome lol
of course she's a scorpio
kendall
i dont beleive it
lololol
my mom is weak  in a lot of ways
she reminds me of a battered refugee sometimes
yea i could see that
she has been worn down
I just fucking called process strategies because that's the only place where therapists accept my insurance. Fuck this
That's the only place that excepts both of mine :/ why can't John cover you?
I mean he does but just for psychiatry. Not psychotherapy
Oh, I guess so
What's up
Watching hilarious high budget live action spongebob porn. Episode 2.
You should check it out Hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
There's political humor in it too
I've been locked in my room by my sister because I didn't take her boyfriend to get his prescription last night
help
What HAHAHAHA. You want help?
SO MUCH just happened haha
What?
dude im really stressed and working on my resume, whats up
would you ever want charlie back? we cant take him to the beach, the trip would be too stressful i thikn
Nope
Sorry haha
hm i dont really want to sell him, i just wish i had a good home for him.
i think i will have to sell some moregeckos as well
just to raise money to move in
our deposit and rent for the first month is going to be like 3k
So everything is in motion now I guess
yes
its very stressful
im so fucking busy
jesus
i hate it
but itll be over soon
it gets harder before it gets easier
My mom gave maria till the end of the day to be "gone"
hahahaha
good
hey what are you doing this evening?
Notin
good
we are hangin out
around 7ish
Yay
i will pick you up
chris is having a coworker over and the coworker is bringing her nephews or something and they want to see the geckos, and they are STUPID AS HELL and i cant deal with them hahaha
Sounds awful for you. I am now excited.
haha it isnt awful because i get to leave and go do something!
OH like you won't be there hahaha
*Slow*
so im pretty sure im getting hired today or tomorrow
kendall rushed me to turn in my app and resume
Dude my phone keeps.sugfesting I send you a video and I'm like of what  why did I update this
hahaha
what video?
Just to capture one because it's a new app feature hahaha
do you think john would give me like 6 months of refills on my meds and let me keep him as my psych?
i would have to come back up to see him every so often of course
He can't give you six months of refills. But if you come back every so often and communicate via phone or email it would work
i mean what is the longest he gives? i got 3 months from my last psych
Yep
Three months
okay that works too i guess lol
i just hate driving
I know haha
See him before you leave and work it out then
I'm seeing him on Monday
gah im so nervous about moving
but so excited
lol
ill need to go buy some business casual clothes
we could go to gabes if you want?
Yes
I love dressing for #business
hahaha
i have no idea how to
That's okay i am fashion
LOL
good then
Maria is fucking gone
Holy shit
where'd she go? lol
I don't know or care hahaha
hahaha
so why exactly did she get kicked out?
I wanna talk about it with you in person because it's insane lol
okay hahaha
oh my god
someone just posted the perfect gecko in supermodel exotics
well not just now
but she's red/orange with dalmatian spots and that is my favorite
Lol link me
Ok hold on. 
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=315678861934474&set=pcb.648864955208784&type=1&theater
On muh way
What
I thot you said 7
Haha
I was gonna shower
I was wrong lol
about what
haha
When the idiots come over
Damn it
well I'm going to shower now
haha
I'm here
Ok
Should I come in?
Bored at work dying help these hands
hahaha
what's up?
oh
work
duh
I'm monitoring two patients on the floor whole everyone is at crafts
TWO
lolol
martin asked me if i want to go to hibachi for my going away party
so im assuming barrett emailed him
and mentioned it
My mom wants to do something for you guys also btw
She's like super sad you're leaving haha.
well anything is greatly appreciated lol
im upset we're leaving too
Yeah me too
BUT
but at the same time, the opportunities are so exciting
Yes
if i didnt do this i would be dumb
And when we hang out it will be more awesome
hahaha
OH YEAH
I agree
Haha
im glad everyone is being so supportive
even my boss
That's great. He has to understand what a great opportunity this is
Btw have you gotten an official call yet
i told him what my mom pulled recently and he said the physical distance from her will help me a lot hahaha
and no i havent
probably monday
dude i need 600 dollars just to get down there, not including gas
thats to rent a 17 foot truck and to tow my car behind
im going to have to drive that shit
for 7 hours
Yep haha
So like
What about a uhaul trailer
Is that too small?
They can be cheaper and come in several sizes ibthibj
Also give me the dates for Tinley so I can get my tickets soon
we will fly, if we can, the morning of the 11th.  if we can get there at like 8 or 9, that would be awesome.
so id get that flight
we'll try to do the same
and then we'll fly back on the 12th
Well ill be there later because of class I think but my flight is quick so
which gives us more time to be there on the 12th since theres no driving
My mom said it sounded like a great deal
So its happening
awesome!  what time do you get out of class? the show starts at 10 i believe
I can check now.
cool
WAIT
11th is saturday
I can leave early
No class
It fucking dropped to 170
Omg
Haha
i told you lol
170?
Yeah dude
Holy god
well someone is buying 2 geckos and charlie form me tomorrow, and i sold a gargoyle to someone in another state as well
whats holy god?
170!
170 what?
The price of my ticket
wow, that's super cheap
i found something cool out today
i thought i would need a 1 foot truck for our stuff, which would cost 600 dollars if i also towed my car
but i think we can use a 6x12 trailer and just drive my car, which is only 225 with 10k of insurance on my stuff
so today i didnt just "almost raise enough money for the truck", i raised enough money for our trailer AND money towards the house!
Yes!!!
I'm doing thay trailer when I move haha
yep i told chris if there's anything we cant fit, we should throw it away, because we will be buying new furniture for the new house anyways.  i need my first new couch lol
That's right haha
NEW
im pretty excited to just get down there, roll up the sleeves on my casually business-looking shirt, and start making some cash
In a place that's not here
yes dude
in a place
that is not here
in an actual house
with a nice kitchen for cooking
thank god
and a back yard
we havent picked one out yet because we need to see what money we're working with first i guess
And you can prepare ACTUAL MEALS THAT ARE DELICIOUS
YES DUDE LIKE ON PINTEREST
and the coolest part is, this house will be so big compared to the relatively small amuont of things we own
there will be so much space
Rape game guy fierri
Rap omg
RAP
NOOOOoooo
N9
hahaha N9
N8
My bud N8 he can sk8
n8, youre a 2 l8 ingr8
Reverse shitting
dude if your mom wants to do something that would help me a TON, she could buy matt's crested a girlfriend from me lol
i have adult females, and i also have one small gecko that looks female so far that i could sell if she couldnt afford the adult females
but i would work with her on price
I just don't know if we have the financial capacity to have geckos that mate and have more to take care of
well they all eat the same food, and you dont have to let them mate
i keep my babies in 98 cent boxes
with holes in them
and paper towel
with a paper towel roll for ahide
lol
The chameleon hissed and bit us today until we misted him
I was frightened
He was misted
And then chilled
hahahaha
MATT WAS LIKE "MAYBE HE'S DRY"
He was
well make sure he doesnt stay dry
He's misted a lot
I think it was a freak accident
lololo a "freak accident"
i love that term
Freakazoid
that was an odd show lol
some dude just tried to buy syrup from me for 500 dollars
lolnope
What are you doing like later tonight?
all kinds of shit lol
meeting codi to sell geckos, meeting some other girl to sell geckos
driving all over
Hot damn
it was a 900 dollar dasy today lol
HOLY
possibly a 1200 dollar day
if i play my cards right
Yeah that's great
its all about marketing and working with your customers
nan
and then im meeting someone tomorrow who we know is good with animals, she is taking charlie and another gecko and paying on a 2nd gecko gecko that she will pick up l;ater
That's great dude
some guy put 100 dollars down on a gecko with metabolic bone disease because i told him its getting better and he wants to hold it until itsa cured, and then send me another 300 lo
i will cure it but jeez haha
it is a nice gecko though
That's insane
You've stepped into lots of luck
this is the kind of local business i would have in virginia lol
i know, i keep getting green lights
the universe is telling me to do this
Yeah Yeah and there it won't be luck haha
It will be real business
Like you market all the time
This should be normal for you
You post
Ect ect
All this stuff
yep exactly
i just cant believe i sold so much so fast
that was all today
i sold 3 geckos in 3 chat windows in almost the same amount of time lol
Just wow
Gauges, hunder
hahaha
i gottas go bud
ill tee tee why el
avacoda
hey therr
what does it do
or somrthing haha
im watching bullsheeet
i trhink im allergic to tramadol
i have a splotchy mild rash lol
Dude my friend found an entire bottle in his medicine cabinet after he bought those five from you. I laughed so hard
also
That suck
s
because
jesus
slow down
that is a wonderful drug
lol
SORRY
DRUNK
its a good drug, i like it
lol
I love getting fucked up on melotonin and krill oil capsules
HAHA
party hard man
i accidently snorted a line of cocaine mixed with adderral
i thought it was xanax
who cares
martin never tells me
cocaine is awesome i hear
hahaha
OH NO
if you thought it was xanax
cocaine is nice but short lived
well
adderral is better
well
im smart
what i did was
HALF the line
because i was already on tramadol and i didnt want to die
HAHA
i like this tory
everypone at work is freaking out over me leaving
and im like, fuck all yall
lolol
Good
Let em know
HAHA
i c u
lettin em know
i hope they raise funds for my trip
they will
they did for erica when she quit for no reason other than to be on vacation constantly
bastards
lol
gotta watch tv wit chris
later gater
hank
matt just told me "you're finished, that's enough"
hahaha
oh, matt
good news today
got my first phone interview
the 2nd is tomorrow morning with kendall's mom
YES
Awesome
training starts 8/25
:D
AWESOME
yesss
now all i have to do is keep saving and selling geckos
which is easier said than done lol
sell em
rack em
dude
im having trouble selling them
people only want the cheap ones
fun story
so
even when im willing to take off like 50 dollars,m people arent interested
we came home and couldn't find my cat. we looked everywhere. we  called maria and asked if she'd seen him. turns out, she hadn't. however, he was on matts porch. telling us two things. The first was, based on the evidence, maria was chain smoking and eating poptarts outside. The second, she is so oblivious, she said she hadn't seen the cat all day, but he had in fact followed her outside and she had not noticed, and then had closed him outside.
wow
i thuoght she was gone?
she came back and won't leave
my mom can't legally make her
damn =/
well, count downthe days lol
by the time I'm back she'll be gone. her birthday is in november
good lol
I'm sorry for what I just *did*
dont apologize lol
I don't want to *stir things up*
*or do #####eye*
just remember that brian actually knows what he's talking about
otherwise, free game
lol
canned burger
gross
you should seriously try to get your mom to buy one of my geckos though
that would be the biggest help she could give me
facebook keeps suggesting I like diabetes pages and buy books on diabetes should i do it
and i would
but It's on matt
so I'll ask him
tell him it would help me a lot, try to make him understand
we have a girl for jack, we have agirl for sunny
sonny
i know
and if he wants a gargoyle, i have those too
i would sell my anoles if he wants them
the entire exo terra, lights, everything
if we had the money we would buy all o that
but at best
a crested gecko
I'll ask today
okay
leopards would be cheaper
i can let one go for 150, which hurts me inside but i need to sell them lol
I don't think we can do that right now. but maybe at the begininng of august
that would work too
stop liking my posts from years ago hahaha
no
here's why
I got to your first one
"Making jewelry currently taking requests lolz"
-=.-
help me lol
What haha
hot coconut oil enema because i am having severe bowel impaction
"What haha"
its low enough to where i dont need a doctor i dont think
but this sucks
so hard
i have to lay on the floor
I am sorry haha
i just want it to work
i had to leave work early because i could walk or sit down
it hurt so much
Jesus
yea dude
thats why im not messing ROUND
LOL
dammit caps
Have you had your phone interview yet??
yea, this morning.  we both got the jobs :D
YAYYYYYYAAHHH
slight change of plans.  we have to start out making 10 an hour, plus incentives, until we can get certified to sell insurance
that's still not bad
but 10 an hour is fine, i make 9.85 an hour and chris doesnt even work full time right now
AND we get incentives
good ones
combined 20 and hour is a decent salary
really?
thats what i was told
we are "flipping" calls
which is where
we call someone, ask them if they are interested in hearing about our plans, and if they are, we transfer them tosales
for every transfer, we get incentives
OH ok that's cool
jesus im uncomfortable haha
i gotta go
writhe in pain
currently watching this movie thats exactly like grave encounters 2 except it's about conspiracy theories
What's it called haha
"the conspiracy"
it's seriously not bad so far
Lolol I'll watch it later
Dude
Last night
Was a nightmare
yeah i bet
I ended up having to go to the hospital, where I was given 4 terrible enemas
oh no
OH NO
OH NO
And then...manual removal that didn't work
I am traumatized
*bowl disimpactment*
dude
what the hell
what caused that
that is the worst thing I've heard in a while
Protein bars is my guess, and not enough water
But
This morning I think I passed everything
hahahahahahaha
well good
But I feel like I got anally rapes
Raped
at least you don't feel like you'r edying
dying*
I feel better but now I'm just scared
Like what didn't I get to see on the x ray
They were the worst nurses
I was screaming
An they said, deep breaths or you'll pass out
They tried to keep me overnight
It was so scary
jesus
this film was unnerving
lol
Was it that good? Lol
I mean it has like, 4 star reviews.
It's not "horrifying"
but it's chilling
Hey does klonopin cause constipation?
it can
Hangout today
I work today. And I'm late. Lol
I mean after that I'm at work also lol
well
depends on my bowel situation when i leave work
currently i hate my life
and its just
fire
Wow I'm sorry
Alright dude
yea i want to die haha, this pain is too real
but i guess itll get better
Have you tried a laxative or anything lol
I'm guessing yes
dude its mostly good now but from the hospital visit, my life is ruined lol
What do you mean?
Oh like pain? Lol
Or the cost of going to the er?
I DONT LIKE THIS GAME
pain
the pain is pretty intense
like
i physically crushed a roll of toilet paper
it was useless
hahahahahahaa
Have you tried taking some kind of drug lol
what do you mean?
Painkillers lol
yea
synthetic opiates
schedule 4
but i did them for like a week
Shit dude
That's rough
You may just have to wait it out
im going
to
the longer i wait th ebetter it will get
everything will normaslize
been drinking probiotics and water
JOSH DYED HIS HAIR
THE PHOTO HE SENT WONT LOAD
THE ANTICIPATION IS KILLING ME
OMG
HAHA
i think its just a darker blonde
or a lighter one
i think he probably rebleached
because his hair was getting dark
i was hoping it was something crazy
and hilarious
damn it
remember when he like
what did he do
chalk his hair
hahaha yes
he just told me
he wants a job
like a silly tween
where he can dye his hair
like
now that im leaving, HE WANTS TO LEAVE TOO
HAHAHAHAHA
OH NO
HAHAHA
THATS HILARIOUS
DUDE
I SAID
VIRGINIA BEACH IS ALWAYS AN OPTION
and he was like, thats true
no
hahahahaha
no nonnonono
i wouldnt mind him but
the point is to start out clean
fresj slate
tell him to come to columbus and be my roommate
because
I think he's that naive
HAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
I think maybe he doesn't sense any arm punching joky-ness when you say things like "Oh VA beach is an option"
which is so strange
like it doesn't even seem sarcastic
just like
small talk and jokes
but he took it so seriously i bet
dude he just said
im seeing how far i can take it
" lordmacbayne:  well, you make a point
i'd love to go back there.
i need to start looking there.
 Sent at 3:53 PM on Saturday
 me:  You should.  I don't see why everyone doesnt haha
 lordmacbayne:  or RVA
which is one of the greatest places i've ever been."
jesus christ
he's so needy
he doesn't want to have to make his one friend over again
but im like
his best friend
I know
and i have figured this out because
lol
he talks about these girls from his past that he just kind of weirdly "retained" as best friends
but they sort of avoid him
hahahahahahaha
because he looks like a reformed juggalo
OH GOD HAHA
he has always looked like that
BUT
in the 80's, 90's
the paper boy hat and little things he wears
were considered trendy
Duh
I'm fashion
"he's going through a real ska phase right now"
ask him if he likes twizted
HAHA
he hates juggalos actually
dude if he put some make up on
and cut his hair
and spiked it
"violent j"
because he is one. It's like when christians put gay guys through those weird "programs" and they come out all homophobic but they are still gay
hahaha yes
he HAD
to have liked them at some point
no one man with that many fedoras
could have NOT liked icp
HAHAHAHA
he only wears fedoras SOMETIMES
I came home today and it smelled like my house was on fire. so I went upstairs and maria has all the fans in her room and her windows open. I did not smell weed or cigarettes. It smelled like someone started a fire
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
TEENS
HAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
I seriously panicked
I was running all over the house
looking for the source
she like fled the scene
ALSO
STORY NUMBER TWO
THIS MORNING
On the way to work, I dropped matt off at my grandmas, and he had kratos. I was pulled over for my moms expired sticker. For some reason two cops pulled me over, and matt being schizophrenic is horrified of them anyway...but one knocks on his window and asks him about his lizard. at that moment I looked into his eyes and saw that he was afraid that they were going to take kratos because of that new bill. You could just tell
HAHAHAHAHA
OH GOD
THATS FUCKING
HILARIOUS
HAHAHA
and sad
but
still
he gripped the enclosure
awww
poor matt
scared for his leezard
I wanted to punish those cops
I hate cops
i do too do
dude
they should all reap my punishments, as I tear them apart with the trappings of patches' workshop
*JUST KIDDING NSA*
hahaha patches workshop
jesus
so
norfolk, va
is the best town hahahaha
"nawfuck"
i beg to differ
belle, west virginia is the best town
NAW, FUCK!\
OH NO
JESUS NO
OH MY GOD
get it now
lol
https://scontent-a-ord.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/t1.0-9/10525939_670507023024430_2263078459301068552_n.jpg
no this
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
YOU CAN SEE
EVERYTHING
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHA
im now disturbed
"everything"
HAHAHHAA
hahahahahahaha
thats such a great descriptive phrase
you can see EVERYTHING
like it's so vague
but if someone says it
you fucking know what they mean
i know hahahahaha
its like
THE adjective
or
noun
daaamn'
today
at work
this young boy told me that I looked like bille joe armstrong, and made me this really fucked up looking toilette paper roll craft that says greenday all over it
and then
he kept talking to me
as If I was who he said I was
and he was excited by that notion
Today
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I became the object of an autistic kids obsession
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHAHAA
HE LOVES YOU
I KNOW THAT LOVE OF BILLIE JOE
WATCH FOR RAPE
at first i thought he said billy joel
and i was like
no
but this kids alright
turns out
he's just super creepy
HAHAHAHA
im sorry but thats too funny for me
*gut laughter*
you know what sickens me to my core
The job title of a subway employee
is a
a
"sandwich artist"
HAHAHAHHAHAHA
LAAAAME
IT BOTHERS ME SO MUCH
SANDWICH ARTIST
IT SOUNDS LIKE
SOMEONE WHO PAINTS WITH MAYONAISE
they dont even paint
they just squirt haphazardly
the question is do they lift
HAHAHA
and the answer is almost always
maybe
depending on if the sandwich artist is goth or not
G.A.L.S.
( goths always lift sally )
loool
i had a gothic sandwich artist ONE TIME
and it bothered me so much
I wanted to not touch my sandwich
"the human spotify: shout a tune at him and he will belt it out at almost nearly perfect pitch included most lyrics!"
I would buy that
well probably used
but I'd buy it
hahahaha
i got spotify at work again
im praising the lord
the almighty
the elohim
4:20 blzitfggt
420 and I'm blazing now
chocolate
hahahahaahah
blaze that cocoa
thaTS THE GOOD STUFF
with hot white sugar cream and a sweet cracker
*smores in 20 seconds*
HAHA
a "Seet" cracker
*YEA RIGHT*
you're bananas hunder
just bananas
bandanas hunner
HAHAHAHAHA
b a n a n a s!
hunter
hunder
HAHAHAHA
hunner
hunna
BANDANAS HUNDER
hunna
1 hunna
2 hunder
3 hunna
Keep this shit one hunna
I keep this shit three hunna
I pull up in that audi
You pull up in that honda
hunda
hondo
huondae
hun
what are you rapping with hundea in it
or whichever version of hunder
lololol
god is dead
HAHAHAHA
remember the magic school bus special "inside ralphie"
what the FUCK was that shit
it was so weird
YES
i remember
SO
WEIRD
totally kile
thats d9pe
totally kyle
what even was that
like
the power core of the 90's
hahahahahahaha
i love the amanda show
recently watched that and all that
all that
surprisingly was not as good as i remembered
amanda show
TOTALLY rad
to this day
hahaha
im listening to
"elephant"
https://www.facebook.com/alienabduction2014?fref=nf&ft[tn]=kC&ft[qid]=6037879164470522656&ft[mf_story_key]=4600939037107309279&ft[ei]=AQIxM18aQGlmY-HuJI-fJ_gdOA5pJZtLzRJarj1QrgdEZhDiCXbaQ42yZ3OFBgegwEs3rrdxjZ48ZEe1TXrn6-qbCT5EihjGYiNP96lQIYhYrCoZDw8XOcAdSfDKS37Mv77LU0spvHSalILJrL44tgNo-1uJP3FmAH3fI-SIY2GmAc6pt6zWKRgk6TFZwpd2FB35v5YgklDLvGrNHS9cYWxhwvfFMyjWNqEflel7gBFZiHaHJqqlslNjng4byxfhhEVDPl9OUCcG9Corz6BUj0z5HGaVTu03COkLxuJ4y7ebN6kTW6NbUed1ChcnnPbmVDRcFOuzw1-Ln6DK-T2Nv_SmoctsJP3wqrpasD01ozfir1eYBegBc9AT27TogMwP-guol9nE2_SwxPTVtwP-8gZxs1uChjaZfXG--r5ggVvI4hpht7mxQmXOSjdjqx5Yo8tHtwJtdz7RG9kOq58cw9HkUz8tcI-ka2fTqePSR0-d40LrRBEeHHNsSUIxYZSIS2C03pHkrfRWiWBbbTHMW9EGmwLc96WKy0Cwva2mjNtk_Ry0knWClKHDbEhu2h1WSULT0V7bKJY9xibg56Gx9MckKoKtm7U-xcpFFbk4eiAjs4avj0oIbujcEa2DSxMfpAyFPTEiWiW2LCaBJczSYXfU67YT1SRah_nBOyvF8vsQUwmkAvhnw9-KiF0LzCBIJ0KijmkQ5ui8SF9yGsiYzqiSai-6P1UAW76XgZtUah1RwuuYQwcD4Rqx31tdfzRaOTgLQBn0sMDfHlcjK0Fs8drf1OxtADu2JLnHJOOW4wtgS0L_lCZpeqCZE3dlar3bbm7m2v7zgzVibow-LFyEA6Jk1BY-rjI6Ci3s3e10L9XL8zPeWGESr9beuZMRcdeBI36Vl4KSe8OhPHleZTwQ8z-dp3G9BJO4gKiETB2ewqOK2wJNVPmo9AFIPAdjwgoCT4Is2b6WxgZl5tqs83yQM3Rr2f9FaFndALk6FFTT9pmKbSFhm0iicCogzDXX9lQDes8izHmJ95UBlBhshEywWYwrRAC7LQBZHCaNmpasooOQEMJRP1r2fMyT0MakqvenPV003T_nQn2jF4AT7h_AO97yfFCGLwhg9q6rjPjvHORrXOyCFxu-7HMgja0M3enwDU3qp-ZqkqDtW5_jsMvpZXIROmqHodI3J7dMBRkzexwnrtpfV-SjaEdvDRl4zn9wvpGNfjkg3UXr3mGmQNFqgFgQH9UXjXSmorWJEt1CbdEQtpAAGAgL99D1X-t8XQf55sLHMc9KpS4PP2n85DgVoQvZd-HZ_vBFc8J2SexrDcmF7AE_VgHhkzrO8e8p6h2owG7a6LYvGDLR3IQdLUqi6wNBu9XBar9jyW3GJ4PmyJuSDYYb4DR2Tv1G0rbXvsRznlGppvLKt0LH_6n_z1rOuBc2L6u_kSDZJpeV8naV1KcknCf94V542ZlYLhx2Xf0oDcxB0qkAF6ZFY_3YOMqQVnqQevxyvmbeya3_8pvC4lJVDehJ4A15bMgdfqIoYQ8Oea2m-XXcR_DG-xcUbiaoAuXcD1zQpnjZydAJO4MApQmDB1XRnDBir8STKTn7huZQ4U-LmOmSmCYWeBhXaGuzRXnqyvH68jlnJnaqaxbJEOar0GYrCUEyX8G28q83FfLXqwtRHRvfG7Qp1fA3fMphnxJMibV13VM6x2ieDZDNN2_3Teq0Mcr0W-VEZwpnO5EHaHIk0_GG7X9QMuiDjniWPa5FBhUMXQfwy1pRW4RYqh_HQVlSkhAOG8TK0pb97VG6cXkJpzKb6u2dlVypbbyEvBrh0bO2W7jaawpLhmRtaAdoxCBTb-GeuQAogOza_LUxePS5LiTq7KKV-bbK3mTMLuW7oqfAcnnIA_kQbJoSTuoNCRVTlAhrYyCZDbmw0kv1zXg2qOgFTZTryEwwj60ISLFs-EJFc3jYbRQ_PUI7Cwy04l6jYkMZL2OwnPqnZ_czU0cIf-HKfr7n4XsCnueQ6u1e3ebgrGImR3S8Ky2tXlYHmAAlPv4Ng8ShPOMmEDikB1pUfE-ekGbD5M0jOeCTSguISMUmSr9iiBISyaVx_koNhzhdyj8AToZrdd-nCnWJz6lkMe4vf_V3A2F-1VxUDcD1EA8Vd76HeHXrulEjLUmgBAsYKioZu6Yxe-_4yMFjI2QBTiTeyMHvEbJ3eCtH9usgad4VYWjgfwwVTJLCxGrsyhBxE9UCDmpynpFSpodlnUvTgKnq6pNDQV8BTzQQ-vTvmW_Iyy3OIaU2UIgZ0UPauwxZIB0qm5WzXY56pNVEOfek6H4FaQzCxLjAXKnOoDjHktrT1b8Dko4YMcPZtuu_-3aMGac-G0xjp4236PIfv5qvEECzyeke9fewWuSC4RCqXvQ-TFn49DUSqZEqrOGcnzT8fI24pGUPlEnyikU8ECVzznI8jxwNjr6Oyv96kwPFaPu5-ePKDhZuoTQj36WQqSV_xQtSQrfQMg1v2nfjWszlFh5eJwGeh8l8FfojZJE42IOrqs9w_0d_Oa0RWl1LiPWMBduCT-cltQqAjzcORHAHC3jiv2vz585q7VX8AQDRHx-n8LD-13iN25kSJ_RaRsGU2Hzq8NciGQ2i3tb5RVXx-8PUrolYTpwt6qySWOlvVtLunbSVFoLOdcRKZw8v8wrJqfBDAZwvusFm9tl6ctWSHt7Vf1WF7wy7_8Cb96XN2wJDGRARc0HowD2RsrFJCtzXW-znkpqP60t347B0OtKU523UjrjrEVqGgoiz-xK8jWhjTpSc0yeeLjZ1viqVxW2w05BiLVel9Dnnf-z-fhhIYVEn9cvPfruZMavwlCtydHYjjIhd-kpq7jBrjxAXKH1qqAToY4ZqVr0D6lw5eA_NH56hi93XKgn630I51Q4nFk8KtwijOh9cda2xy7VoDZFhQR2Zid3Q51MXygSHT7Zy2Y39BXp-WCYmYg3g3elHpV7Gkwg_ygOwYTCUC_7lc7UAJY_nqHGfBUtnBzxVUvy69Z_d-_WoctJGGMSsHof6uW-3lLT8jVsmOyRuxrkc9G0iL08OGxgSA4oaTCxYz_rKNGa01c8IbQueYO9vnz8LE6-HZF9ZyH3QdhLK_aKkhpe952xLCuSFY604bB9Fz-FncNqYjOWna7e2Yip14W3-&ft[fbfeed_location]=1&ft[insertion_position]=84&__md__=1
im scared what is this
i dont know but i saw a screenshot and it looked up your alley hahaha
I had to close it
it's too late at night
hahahaha
HAHA
im sorry lolol
so i watched like half of conspiracy
then chris got distracted
and turned it off
damn it
god he is getting on my nerves
it's got such an interesting ending
we spent a total of less than 80 dollars for 2 haircuts, two giant bottles of repairing shampoo, and two really nice things of wax/spray
and he was upset about the price
and rude about it
i lost my shit
couldnt deal with it
things cost money dude
I hate that stuff too
I get him there
but sometimes you just have to pay for things
I GOT THIRTY PERCENT OFF
Which is a fantastic deal anyway in any circumstance haha
exactly!
i cut my hair shoulder length
bleached it again
need to tone it tomorrow
its the blondest its been
but not white
=/
damn
So you want it to be white?
yes dude
i want josh's hair color and always have
white
yeah
i like that color blodne
the white blonde?
yeah
i love it D:
I tried to get my hair that color when I got it died in 10th grade
it was kind of close but not really
haha
exactly dude, wtf is wrong with us...i asked josh, he uses a boxed dye from the store, puts it on, leaves it, washes it out, bam, white hair
I USE A STRONGER DYE
he probably has
I don't know
potato
does he have naturall blodne hair?
his hair is....
maybe
i dont know, like medium brown i think
i dont know his magic
i think it is
you and i have very thick hair
the bleach cant penetrate the follicle fully
he has inferior hair
with low defenses
yeah we do
that's probably part of it
it makes sense
hahahaha
i need to tell him
that his hair is inferior
dude i fucking called him out so hard earlier
like, successfully made him admit he was wrong
tell me
he told me i have a slight accent but that he doesnt want to be rude and tell me when he hears me use it (i asked him to, to help me transition to beach life lol) and i was like BITCH YOU MADE FUN OF MY FOR HOURS OVER THE WAY I SAY "SYRUP"
and he was just like, touche
hahahaha
he is a crazy person who is so principled he goes against himself
so are those really principles
or just crazy
he is putting on a show and he forgets that im behind the curtain
exctly
just aminute ago, i got him again
hahahahaha
with his bitching about women
he said
"there is no one for me to find"
and i said, if i were interested in you, that statement would make me want to tell you to fuck off
and he said, youre right, that is sort of rude
hahaha
you take pleasure in this
haha
also
I would too
i do dude
he sends me photos of himself acting like a myspace teen all day
and then i get to laugh
and laugh
i want you to see one he just now sent me
OH NO
WHY
OK
SEND IT
its not gross or weird
just hilarious
hold on hahaha
I'm allergic to fingers
HAHAHAHA
is that not a flattering photo
or is it me
HAHAHA
he was trying to prove
that his nose
is not roman
because
it matters so much
in his gay ass fagot
HAHAHA
fiagot
he looks like someone put zombie makeup on ellen degeneres
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
OH GOD
I'll be here all night
I CAN NEVER NOT SEE THAT AGAIN
I KNOW
HAHA
*CHRIST*
josh now wishes he could fuck his last generation black cousin if he were in her time period as well
what the fuck
why
depraved
he is depraved
what
what even
all i see is
"fuck cousin"
that's never ok
I KNOW DUDE
IM JUST LIKE
WHY
its not even a racist thing
hahahaha
oh god
"me:  Your black cousin? hahahaha
 lordmacbayne:  Mhm
 me:  WHY
 lordmacbayne:  She was hot. And if like to check incest off my list."
he's so starved for attention
i know dude
oh no
hes afraid im leaving
so hes getting closer
I have been drinking and I almost made an awful joke
I feel like if i make it
DO IT
hahahaha
I will be a hypocrite forever
Will you hold this against me
do it
no i wont
hahaha
comedians can lie
and be hypocrites
"he is the karen carpenter of wanting attention"
I am human scum. I'm working at an eating clinic
(i.e. he's starved)
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
I HATE MYSELF
SEND ME
EVERY DAY
SEND ME HIS SELFIES
SO I CAN ENJOY THEM
IF HE KEEPS DOING IT
okay okay
let me find more
hahahaha
from earlier
websters dictionary describes a pork
no
a park
i meant park
*LARRY*
larry david
seinfeld
let me find joshua selfies
he is the most
selfiest
thing
yes
heres another where he had to prove he doesnt have a roman nose for some god damned reason
nan
I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS
WHY IS HE SO ARYAN
he totally has a roman nose
i dont know what this is
i told him that so many times
he knows he is white
but hes obsessed with other raes
christ
like why does he wanted to be something other than anglo. which he  obviously is
i mean heritage is interesting
but I don't identify as italian
this one is special because he went in a secret room to take it for me
*teehee*
"tiger army"
i am laughing out loud
at my own laughs
and him
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
I WASL IKE WHAT IS THIS ROOM
HAHAHAHA
that is a piece of shit neckalce
ITS A STOCK ROOM
you have to be kidding
hahahahahaha
I SWEAR
why would he wear that
I WAS AT WORK, HE WAS AT WORK, HE WENT AND TOOK THIS
SENT IT TO ME
30 FEET AWAY
it looks like a back room haha
HE COULD HAVE WALKED TO MY DESK
and just appeared before your eyes
"i bought supplies" -2007
i found a photo of him in 06
wanna see?
hahahahahahaha
always
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10152056084083399&set=pb.596733398.-2207520000.1405832170.&type=3&theater
it wont let me access it
i knew it -.- hold on hahaha
nan
google "violent j no makeup"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OH GOD
OH GOD
PHOTOSHOIP IT
PLEASE GOD
i cannot stop laughing
i knew it
he was a juggalo
im dying
he still wears the chain
and the lock
im dying
HAHA
hahahahahahahaha
What is that even about
i asked him once
he has had it for a VERY long time
several ones, actually
he had to cut one of them off
lost the key
that's stupid
lol
it is
i had an actual vintage chain like that from a thrift shop in ohio
it broke
i threw it away
didnt go to lowes
hahahahaha
HAHAH
jesus i love/hate people
i really do
so much of both
i hate everyone
but I convert it to love by taking sick pleasure in laughing at everyone's weird quirks
YES
YES EXACTLY
BINGO
and it makes me mad that chris gives a fuck
let me live my fucking life
im allowed to dissect people
i just dont have a license to do it
jeez
dude
everyone I know has similar ideas about people. Like we aren't THAT crazy, I mean we are, but most people like to examine weirdos and laugh
yea but i dont know man
chris is so simple
he doesnt get it
he's racist
and laughs at blacks
thats it
I hear something downstairs
I'm bothered
also black people aren't funny, crazy people are funny
There is so much depth to crazy
look at all the layers of josh
i know dude...racist jokes are worn out and lame
look at this
T R A P A N O V A  @2_Petty4uh    1h
With my babies
ReplyReplied to 0 times RetweetRetweeted 0 times FavoriteFavorited 1 time1
More
 T R A P A N O V A  @2_Petty4uh    3h
But you can't uneat it .
ReplyReplied to 0 times RetweetRetweeted 0 times FavoriteFavorited 4 times4
More
View translation
 T R A P A N O V A  @2_Petty4uh    3h
SNIP SNIP MUH FUCKA
ReplyReplied to 0 times RetweetRetweeted 1 time1 FavoriteFavorited 0 times
More
 T R A P A N O V A  @2_Petty4uh    4h
There's a big difference between what someone tweets and what someone texts you 
ReplyReplied to 0 times RetweetRetweeted 0 times FavoriteFavorited 2 times2
More
 Retweeted by T R A P A N O V A 
 Kat @kla_xx    4h
Yo I just got called majestic 
ReplyReplied to 0 times RetweetRetweeted 1 time1 FavoriteFavorited 1 time1
More
 T R A P A N O V A  @2_Petty4uh    4h
There's only one Maria Terranova, remember that 
ReplyReplied to 0 times RetweetRetweeted 1 time1 FavoriteFavorited 1 time1
More
 T R A P A N O V A  @2_Petty4uh    4h
All my exes aren't shit and have tried to get with the same hoes because they lost me.
my sister said
you can't uneat it
OH GOD
TRAPANOVA
WHY DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS
HAHAHAHA
you can't uneat it tho
JESUS
WHAT IS THAT RUMBLIGN DOWNSTAIRS
go investigate
with a b-ball bat
I will
I need to find weapon
hahahaha
the knight!!!
put on his armor!
it was maria
I heard iphone clicking
and opened her door
she said
'im in bed mikel"
HAHAHAHA
i hate her
HATE
i do too
After I went downstairs and investigated
I was convinced I was hallucinating
then there she fucking is
in her room
dancing
wel not dancing
texting
DANCING
WUT
HAHAHAHAHA
It just kind of flowed out of my hands
it felt right
I did get hummus though haha
"it felt....right"
ok dickweed
HAHAHA
DICKWEED
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I'
m laughing out loud again
oh god
im trying not to
chris is right here
and he'll be like, what r u guyz tlkin but
ok dickweed
i cant tell himbecause he doesnt think its funny
hahahaha
JJ abrams is a dickweed
god is a dickweed
im finished
you R finished
finished 'R' us!
praise gods angels
praise gods angles
HAHA
he is shapely and #pleasing to my corneas
oh god lol
We gather where #sport and #dance meet
and rejoice#
i want this played at my funeral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hKSYgOGtos
i cant listen without crying
this is such a good song
iits the BEST
when he says "heres a truck stop instead of st peters", i start bawling
andy did you hear about this one
i think it's "annie"
haha
nope
*tip*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D3Nl1GZzuw
oh wait
it totally is
lol
hahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D3Nl1GZzuw
here
the original
I think I knew that but I didn't
I just saw a comment with like a million likes
that said what I said
just now
WHY IN GODS NAME
DOES FACEBOOK
WANT ME TO HAVE THIS
Science of People
Sponsored  
What body language tricks can entrepreneurs use to improve their bottom line?
i am not  one of those.
WHAT
hahaha
facebook suggesting adds
ads
well
that's not what I meant
facebook is a dickweed
facebook is the biggest dickweed of them all
dude that fucking word is rediculous and I haven't heard it since middle school. It's a ridiculous word.
treat ya self
mimosas
fine leather goods
HAHA
such an assortment
batman
so
i havent eaten in 2 days
i need to go to tudors soon
get mai biscuit on
open
*24/7*
you should get a biscuit because soon you will no logner have access to tudors
i almost did last night lol
im so sick dude
withdrawal, and the bowel issues
im having to drink water, probiotics, eat ripe bananas, lots of hot tea
and im FREEZING and it's 77 degrees
okay you must have a virus then
noi
im detoxing
oh wait
from what?
haha
the drugs i was on
tramadol
Oh no opiate withdrawal must be so awful
jesus
my spasms are so bad that i was hitting chris last night in a half conscious state and could not control it
i was flailing violently
and apologizing
so why were you taking them so consistently again?
im not
oh i was
well
i get psychologically addicted
they feel good
and the tolerance builds
and clearly a little physically addicted i think if you're in pain
that sucks dude
I'm sorry
:/
oh yea that too
the physical addiction wasnt until later though
I think you probably already had a decent opiate tolerance
oh yea dude
lol
im watching the conspiracy theory
theyre doing the ceremony
i dont know whats happening hahaha
It's so weird
You'll see
it's explained
okay hahaha
it was cool but they did the "hide the scary stuff" too much, so you couldnt see anything at all
and wtf was with the mirror that gave him devil horns
hahahaha
Ok
like
a mask was put on him
of a bull
okay
that's why he saw that
haha
so they just killed him
because
they didn't kill him
he wasnt following the riulles
rules
where is he?
They talked about at the end how they like to "mess with" people who infiltrate therir meetings by perpetuating what they think happens. i.e. doing some weird bull hunting ceremony
they said the guy had like a nervous breakdown
haha
hahahahahaha
but he said"that was the last time i saw him"
so terrance went insane
and left
disappeared
and the other guy?
The other guy didn't do that
his wife no resents him
haha
wait
what
explain to me
like im 5
about the 2 guys
terrance
and the guy with the camera at the end
who got attacked
oh wait
I don't remember ANY of their names
lol
i mean the guy who was attacked just like never let it go
it was a strange "prank"
but what about the first guy
i don't know haha
I think my sister took some of my xanax
what even
id bet money she did hahaha
I found a website with a compilation of films that would cause trevor to stroke out dude
wtf why hahaha
it would just bother him
It's like this guy
who has created a documentary refuting EVERY major and a lot of minor conspiracy theories
but looking at the list
it's things I've heard first and second hand from trevor
OH
ALSO
HOLD ON
https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xpf1/v/t34.0-12/10551798_501341193344833_618704460_n.jpg?oh=5c6b85cb29b003780e20cd78e40ca7e2&oe=53CDF866&__gda__=1406029563_034e975b692c6686a6362b1bb1a6b0d1
What is THIS about hahahahaha
Dude tell me you're home right now
5 min
haha i just got home
is your famery there?
do you want to come here?
I have to get my mom at 3
gah okay lol well
after you get your mom ill come visit
because i have to meet trevor later too
and get chris
Okay pkay
and i need to talk to you about something earth shattering that i would never be comfortable doing and i think i just successfully got rid of some "hang ups".  but we'll talk later
we gotta talk about this bella thing
because i need to know how that is turning out
and like
if shes fucking others guys
thats a whole different story
It's so complicated dude. Life is so complicated in general but this is very complicated
we dont get into graphic detail anyways...we are prudes around each other lol
but like
she isnt giving you any information?
like "hey i had sex with a guy today"
anything?
Well she's been at her dads, secluded for three weeks
But
I don't think she has
Honestly I think she's still talking on and off with that boy who looks like a rat and according to twitter,  has a dui
Hahaha
HAHAHA
where is her dad?
Baltimore
But she's basically keeping me at arms length
Which isn't cool but I can't stop
We're "friends" who interact the same way without saying I love you
personally i feel she is taking advantage of you
She is. That's why I am seeing a therapist because I know it's not okay
Haha
well i guess the best advice is to not allow it haha
but i know thats hard to do
Yeah but we both know that's not REAL advice haha
It's right
But
Haha
yea i know lolol
its like the worst advice
My mom is working a double shift hahahaha
Opps
-.-
lol
im still decently sick
so im resting for a bit
taking care of moving shit
new job shit
that sounds like a funky hip hop track
taking care of that moving shit
that new job shit
hahahahahaha
for a loser
hahahahahaha
for god
#blessed
dude i feel so ill
like
tired
exhausted
drained
i totally get that haha
I almost fell asleep driving today. I contemplated whether or not the 10 seconds of relaxation would be worth death.
(it wouldn't be)
HAHAHAHAHA
ive done that
matt has spent so much time iwth my grandmother that I'm getting like
short with him
he has picked up all of these really bad habits
like being completely codependent and annoying
definitely was not like that until recently
but i feel bad kinda
dude why does he like her
you and your mom need to have atalk with him
try to use me as an example
or, my mom
say like this
he has no one else and he hates staying home all day
which ESCAPES me
"so and so spent too much time around this sick person, and now you can see yourself that they are sick"
because there are things to do here
we can't say that
my mom is all
if we insinuate that your grandmother is bad
matt is fragile
it wouldn't be good
oh psh
whatever
matt would get it
hahaha
he would comprehend it
but only if you told him in the right manner
and enforced it gently
not in a mean way
DUDE
GOD DAMN IT
so
he told me
take me to grandmothers
my mom just called me
apparently he said "I wanted to go home don't tell michael that I said that"
WHY NOT
WHY DIDNT HE JUST SAY THAT
HE IS PULLING MY GRANDMOTHERS MOVES
HAHA WTF
why
just why
such a stupid lie
hahahahaha
I literally got angry lolol
and I can't feed his reptiles. I told him I can't. I told him "Matt, I dont' want to touch the crickets."
so
why wouldn't he jsut come home
and do it
wtf =/
i use tongs
for crickets haha
also
try mealworms
they arent really gross
I'm not able haha
I'll try
#formatt
hey im gonna come over in a bit, gotta run by trev's first
that okay?
NO
yes
haha
do you have toilet paper? im rehydrating my body heavily hahaha
i want to die
but its getting better
i need more ibuprofen
yes
I have Ibuprofen and bottles of water and toilette paper
#bless't
im truly blessed
be there in like 30-45
you know how slow trevor is
hes the old dog under the porch
the one with osteoporosis and bad breath from all his missing teeth
hahahahahaha
leaving soon to trevors, then be there soon
Michael, I think Chris is done with me for good
He asked if I was cheating, I said no. Then he kept going on aboutif I was and I admitted to being in the verge of cheating. He can't deal with the idea of it AT ALL
I fucked up my whole life Michael
Just because I was honest repeatedly
I don't know what to tell you
That is a very sticky situation
It could have gone either way.
Dude I don't know but I'm glad I'm leaving.
He's probably going to smear my name everywhere
Like what has even happened
He slept on the couch
Went insane
Told me to fuck off and that I've ruined his life
Was talking at a million miles a minute having a breakdown
I mean that would be my response. Of course I'm on your side, but I get why he's upset. I just don't get why he didn't already come to terms with it.
No
That would not be my response
Bu
Idk dude
He can't come to terms. He said we can't have a family together this way. I told him he is letting his closed mind ruin everything.
I mean i get his frustration but I get yours too. The truth is, you don't want the same thing
I know!
I don't really want or need to be tied down at this point in life
I'm 20
Josh still hasn't woken up
I'm afraid of what he will say
I get that
I mean, he didn't have much to do with the big picture problem
Josh isn't the issue
The issue is much deeper than that obviously
Or josh wouldn't really be an issue anyway
Yea
Also
Chris has done this same shit to every one of his GFs
I think it's time he felt some sorrow for it
I'm officially relying heavily on you for support
Because I'm scared
Well you know you always have it
I just can believe he want so crazy. I kept saying, let's be reasonable and not ruin our lives here
He wants to talk to josh about it in person apparently
Can't end well
That's not good
He needs to talk to you
But
I know
He'd rather  reject the idea that you chose to do this
"It must be joshs fault"
Yep. I guess it's good that by the time everyone knows I'm the whore, I'll be gone
Who even cares dude. Don't let yourself care
I don't
Fuck it
The only problem now is VA beach
Not a huge problem
I'll sell some more stuff lol
Kendall is going to freak out
I hope I can pack and move everything by myself
Hey you know what would be awesome
If he left
I have to take a shower now, brb. Keep affirming my actions please
Lol
OH NO haha
But so once you leave is chris leaving too or is he not probably?
He doesn't have the money. He makes 300 dollar checks.
All I know is you have to get out of here lol
I will have to sell a few more geckos that normally I would never ever sell. If I can sell one of them for 1k, which I think I can, I would be good
I hope that works out then
He is so valuable to me but what has to be done has to be done
Josh is still not awake
I'm worried
Why?
Because what if he flips shit and won't talk to me again
Why would he do that?
well im talking to him now
and
i guess because chris didnt learn of any devastating details, josh seems pretty okay
he asked me what he had for lunch yesterday
i guess to gauge how much i give a shit
to see if he should
lololol
That's weird haha
it is
but now im worried
chris is going to accuse him of trying to sneak around with me
hes going to do it at work
Yikes. ..
On a lighter note. I haven't spoken to bella in 24 hours, and she has literally been on the Internet 0 times. She may be dead.
dude
hahaha
she is not dead
Nope I just realized
She is at a house with no service with DUI
she has a dui?!
No he does
I call him dui
HAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
Because its a hilarious situation to where she has actually chosen to be with the opposite of me.
have i done the same to chris?
so far josh has not totally lost his shit
the only thing im afraid of
is there is ONE lie
Maybe a little?
that is josh finds out about
he will be very upset about
What is it
i told chris that josh and i had planned on having sex before i left
i told josh that chris "assumed" that is the case
so in case chris yells at him about it
josh will think he just assumes it dead on
That's not a huge lie that's just a bending of of the truth that could easily be covered up by claiming chris automatically assumed that because of his intense reaction
thats what i did claim hahaha
if i lie to josh, he will never trust me
I just need you to know something
If it goes badly with josh
There are 200000 better joshs in VA
Haha
Not saying I hope it does
It probably won't
dude i know
im not worried much
im just waiting for the clean break
just me, my geckos, and the open world
I need a clean break of sorts too
I'm wallowing in misery and drinking every day
My life is a mess
aw D:
misery fest after work? lol
wait shit
i have to go to my dads after work
but
you can come lol
That would be great. I can't be at home. Had to lock maria out last night. Her and her posse locked me out for 30 minutes after you dropped me off, despite my pleading. All because we laughed at her reaction to my mom working.
Lol
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I KNEW SHE HEARD US
HAHAHAHAHA
I faced consequence
Haha
I like lost my shit
I dead bolted her out
And removed her door knob and closed her door
SHELL NEVER BURN PLASTIC AGAIN
i have to do some work
because im at work
but it appears
josh is okay
and he told me to message him later
so, i saved that
skillfully, ill say
gah i shouldnt be so good at lying
im a manipulater
woah
chris came to terms
O.O
How so
he has come to terms
with the fact that i want to do what i want
he tried to talk to josh about it
and josh refused
hahahahahaha
See that's not appropriate he doesn't quite get it yet haha
i know dude
i know
he cost me talking to josh at work
josh said, your boy just came over here trying to talk with me
no more work conversations
and now i cant talk to him at work
See at least chris cards enough about you and your relationship to make a sacrifice. It's just a strange and confusing one for Him
it is
he wants to move to VA still and everything
i think everything is fine
and honestly
i predict i will hook up with josh and be like, wow that was lame, hes an asshole
hahahahahahaha
but i might not
gotta give it a try
You just have to understand what you're asking
But he's willing to try for you
That's something
i am utterly amazed that josh AND chris are still on speaking terms with me
well, josh is on out of work speaking terms lol
and everything is still good on the josh front
and chris is dealing with it
i dont have to lie about where im going anymore
(although josh wants me to)
hes so fucking
grimey sometimes
hahahaha
Yeah hahaha
he's like, super fucking weird
just saying
but i like super fucking weird
i need it
or i will die
"Chris Kingery:  
You just want to be different. 2:55 PM 
Yeah, I think thats exactly what it is. 
"
Hm
I don't think that's EXACTLY it
no it isnt
im telling him im tired of being the mom
and that he acts ike akid
and doesnt have good hygiene
i basically am not hlding punches
told him im not IN love with him right now
because he made me be his mother
still arguing with him....
over pointless points...
That's awful.  Ah
so when do you get off work? i need some time with a friend
to just
think and talk
I'm off now
i wish i was lol, can you come pick me up or something later?
i have to go to my dads for a few but thats it
i dont want chris AND you in the same car
Yea possibly
okay because im crying lol
over just
all of this
Damn
i mean, he's making me feel like shit because he feels like shit about being shit
i feel like maybe you should talk to chris because you can dissect me
tell him the dissected version of what im doing
assure him that i will get bored and come back to him IF he improves his image and work ethic
he doesnt want to listen because youre biased i guess
bt thats all i can think of
i just want to live life while im alive
why is that a fucking crime
also josh has started playing mind games with me
so now i need to step it up
because now he really is trying to seem super mysterious and like he has amaster plan
and i want to just
ruin it all
hahahaha
what other dude purposefully waits longer than necessary for sex?
and then says repeatedly how the waiting is "healthy", or it's a part of the plan, or whatever
im just like, maaaan, cut it with that shit
but he doesnt
he does not cut it with that shit
I mean I've tried to talk to him about this stuff before
he said that you tell him youre my best friend and that youre biased
so he gives up trying to talk to you
I am biased lol. But so is he in theory
So
Like
EVERYTHING IS INVALID
basically
the only thing that is even real
is my body
thats all im sure of
hahaha
now like
if josh starts mixing our friend talks with his weird bdsm shit
we're gonna have a problem
because i didnt sign up for that
i dont really like it
Hahahahahahaha
i dont hate it but i guess ill put up with it hAHAHAHA
like
dont grab my neck pls
lemme breath pls
Especially without warning
Oh god I'd hate that
"DONT TOUCH MY NECK"
well yea it was weird, he was EXPLAINING that sometimes he does it without warning, two seconds later he grabs my vape, sets it on the ground, grabs my neck pulls it over to his face and forces his tongue into my mouth
im like
OHGODOHGODOHGOD
WHATHAVEIDONE
WHATISTHIS
IMINPUBLIC
but it was weird and fun
hahahahahahaha
i kept saying, no, theres people there
and he's like, theyre not looking
and im like, it looks like im about to get raped!
they are looking!
OMG HAHAHAHA OMG
after enough bitching he finally allowed me to walk us back to my car
christ
like
he doesnt actually really hurt me
but he is VERY forceful
like, do what he says
or you might get smacked
but if you do what he says
it probably isnt that bad
hahahahaha
this is so odd and different
im about to go on lunch without chris so i need you to try to talk to me for 30 minutes so i dont look like aloser hahaha
Okay
Chris took lunch without me and I just saw him sneak past me to get back in the building
Why is this a big deal. Why would he have to sneak
That's what I'm saying. Accept what has happened and move the fuck on or at least shut up about it. He keeps trying to use to phrase "inside of you" to make me sound as depraved as possible for what I've done
What the hell
In what context
That's the worst phrase of all time
It disturbs me. "When you get back home after having josh inside you"
That makes me want to vomit
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
MOOOOOOOOOO
He is being a child
WORST WAY
You should talk to him dude hahahaha
I can't believe he tried to talk to josh
And josh blew him off, which I would have LOVE to have seen
One of Josh's best qualities is that he does what he wants and because he wants to
My sister just came downstairs fuming because my mom is taking a nap. Also she was wearing my shirt lol
HAHAHA what why
I am legend
Dude Chris congratulated me on how sneaky I was.
Because I was so sneaky
don't take pride in that lol
And I said, thank you hahahaha
hahahaha!
Well shit I don't care anymore
i suppose not lol
who does
I'm going to make money, breed geckos, and get an awesome house. Anything that isn't related to those things can fuck off.
i don't even know what I want
in life
lol
other than my career
and that's not the biggest part of life
i don't think
the only thing i value in life is success and clout
i think thats bad
but its the truth
so im dealing with it
i just value money and ball
and woman
ball is life
Hahaha
money and ball
hahaha
oh dude
i have to talk to someone about this and youre the only person i can, so try not to get annoyed by these stupid details
but
ok
i forgot that sweaty vegans smell like a pile of too ripe vegetables
go on
EW
GOD
HAHAHAHA
THEY DO
dude
the breath
and the sweat
and it was all so
sloppy and gross
that's awful
that sounds awful
haha
and hot (degrees)
at one point i like, wiped a bunch of sweat off his forehead and rubbed it onto his shirt
and he looked like
OH MY GOD
SHE NOTICED IM SWEATY
WHAT DO I DO
hhahahahahahahahaha
he is ALWAYS sweaty
his old bones grew weary
even if he is doing nothing
maybe his insides are constantly vibrating and he's exhausted
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
LIKE
WHY WOULD THEY VIBRATE
at the vibration frequencies of slight distaste
Diabetes mellitus
depression
anger
demonic possession
(this is just the differential diagnosis. Strongly leaning towards "angry" kidney [cancer])
(i am literally insane)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i cant stop laughing
i think i did a good thing
im laughing
im smiling
im happy
HAHA
sweet
david larry
dude i want to leave so badly
ive just been doing this stupid bickering all day
im tired of it
*guitar riff* 
"get me out of here"
i want chris to be able to SPEAK to me, so i can tell him to shut up
oh wow
HAHAHA
hahaha
THIS LIFE. LIKE. DREAM. AINT FO ME.
oh.
my.
god.
I AM THE JESUS OF SUBURBIA
HAHAHAHA
lolol
chris is telling me that he fell asleep to "an extremely vivid sex scene"
bobby newport *GRUUNNNNNT*
he didnt specify with who
im thinking he saw
what he didnt want to
happening
hahaha
i don't know what to tell you dude
in order for this to all be okay
chris has to literally say "I'm okay with Polyamory, in fact i welcome it"
which isn't REALLY going to happen
so this is like
chance
you're gambling
no, this is what is happening
he and i are broken up
he is coming to VA beach still because im making him
like his mom would i guess
and then when he gets down there, if he can act like a god damned man, start to learn hwo to dress, and become a bit more seasoned, ill probably just get back with him
i love chris
but not his way of being at this moment
i get what you're saying
why doesnt chris understand
that i just wanna ive the zef life man
is what im doing "fucking deplorable"?
because if it is, i dont want to do it
No. but if you feel guilt or are having second thoughts don't look for confirmation, just act on it. I see it like this...what you want is just fine if it's agreed upon by both people in the relationship. If two people want different things they don't need to be together. I will lie for you (obviously) and I don't have any kind of "moral" objection to what you're doing. However, if I were in chris ' s position I would be very hurt and confused. I wouldn't know what to do.
i dont think he and i belong together in the long run
but i dont want to tell him that
he just isnt success oriented
I know. Part of you doesn't even want to accept it. It just wants to continue fighting in circles, because that's easier than accepting the reality of it
I forced bella into some major life changes, and we're still not together...even though she seems more "ideal" now and "sensible"
Sometimes it's just this weird chemical thing. Life tricks you into thinking you're meant to be with someone and doesn't reveal that it isn't true until years later when it's a real challenge to TRULY accept
Acknowledgement is one thing. Acceptance is totally different
im doing both....he is fighting it all
im trying to explain to him
that i have literally been a human slave my whole life
i have never been free
He has to see what's happening
i have always had someone watching me
i had mom
and then i had BFs
and i had a car, but could only drive it certain places
as long as i have a parent or partner, im not in control of my life
i HAVE to do what they say
i have Linger by the cranberries stuck in my head
and im just crying
god dammit
i wish i could go somewhere after work
where it was like this never happened today
and i could just sit and be alone
and no one cuold bitch
I know
im getting chills from stress
i have PAWS
I told you I would pick you up after you got home if you wanted
oh i didnt know that was confirmed.  yes pls lol
i really fucking wish josh had a normal woprk schedule
so i could talk to him in person more
about this fucked up shit
that shouldnt even be fucked
because IM JUST A HUMAN BEING WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME
IM SO COLD
haha
oh i have a funny jopke to tell you
iz a funny 1
u will laff a lot
and for real my spasms are coming back from stress
Did you take something hahahahaha
no
i have no food or water
i regained my appetite last night, ate a bunch of food, and lost it again today
so that sucks
Not what I meant. You just started randomly saying things like you were stoned
i feel cold and weak
Also Also in sorry
Fuck phone typing
Typing typing
Gauges gauges
im not stoned im just like shaking and anxious
and upset
i wish chris would shut up
going home now i guess...cant wait to have him yelling at me in the car about josh having sex with me
because i know he will
see you in like 30?
Yep.
I'm here.
Chris is talking to himself upstairs...
He sounds insaneb
what
check on him
He was talking to the geckos
oh
well thats not so weird
Dude
I need to go somewhere
He's insane
so
chris gave in
and is okay with me being with josh on occasion
he is no longer allowed to bug me, he cant access my personal accounts
If you're okay with that.
i told him no more lies whatsoever, i am being honest 100% of the time but i dont want him snooping in my shit
i told him that i am free
i will do what i want
but we have come to terms
i get 1 FWB, he gets 1 FWB
he will never have one
but he just made that rule in case, so he could level the playing field
I just don't think he's being genuine. He doesn't think this is an okay thing to do. He's forcing himself to try and make this work. Are you okay with that?
no really, it got SO bad, that he completely turned around and i was so non-lenient with him, and i kept so strong, that he finally realized he had chosen to leave me because he couldnt accept me
and he wants to have me in his life even if i need to have things he doesnt understand
he just wants me to be safe
and not talk about details
and if emotions evolve, i have to tell him
obviously not happening
Yeah
josh has settled down
i want to tell you something hilarious
Ok
he went to the adult book store in jefferson
wait for it
bought dick pills
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
im sorry but that is so fucking pathetic
god he's such a specimen
it wouldnt be pathetic if he were more humbled
but he acts like he is the best of the best at everything
so i can laugh at him
WHY
why what
the pills?
or why am i so amused
lolol
Yes the pillz
well he is
thirty six
going on
thirty seven
he claims he doubts he will need them but
"its been a long time"
so he isnt sure
of what will happen
Dude what do you see in this
hahahahaha
Jesus fuck
Hahahahaha
I'm sorry
i dont know dude, i think he's pretty attractive and i like fucking with people
hes like
a specimen
that i can TRULY study
and not have to deal with the wreckage
afterwards
i mean
there shouldnt be wreckage
but i have a straaaange feeling....
that he's gon catch feelings
ao
ao
so
that chicken soup
I put instant potatoes in it
and now it is chicken and dumplings
ew
i dont know
if i like that
or not
hahahaha
i don't care
This is all about *me*
HAHA
#legends #weoutchea
"me"
HAHAHAHA
WEOUTCHEA
HAHAHAHAHA
im dying
hahaha
michael
go to the mall with me after work
pls
mikel
pls
https://www.facebook.com/letsrageclothing/photos/a.147428181967860.24934.115223365188342/746509695393036/?type=1&theater
OH NO HAHA
hahaha
dude
talk to me
im stressed to illness
dude are you at work
because i would really like to talk to you
i cant talk to josh at work and talking to chris just upsets him
well, sort of upsets him
but i know he is hurt
Ywah
Im not at work
well
then please talk to me
i hve a date set up
everything is planned
all has been said
i have cleared this with chris a million times
but it still feels bad because he is upset
and its the guit again
the guilt is coming back
guilt
granted, he did say that if i were to have sex with anyone he would prefer it be josh because he is so clean and careful
and i told him if it wasnt josh, it would have been someone else
Don't take that as approval. He doesn't approve haha. But it's a step in the right direction
he is slowly accepting it
he has started making fun of josh with me
i think that helps him
he says it means it reinforces that i have no feelings for him
because i make fun of him
That's something
i know youre uncomfortable with this
i just feel so alienated
cant even talk to josh ast work
I'm not uncomfortable with this dude
I just feel bad because I know chris is
i know, thats exactly my feeling
and i told him this
i dont feel bad because of what i am doing, i feel bad because of how he will react
but i have told him
i am going to not tell him where i am going when i leave the house
ever
so he will never know
when it happens
like dude
tomorrow is the day
please go with me to the mall
my stomach is killing me, my nerves are shot
i have to see my mom this eveniong
and dude this PAWS is killing me, i feel so weka, i cant eat
heeeelp meeee
im miserable
physically
ffuuuuck
i guess ill go to the mall by myself
im only buying one thing there anyways
i just feel drained
Aren't you at work?
yes
i cant do anything
i can hardly move
This is such a frequent thing I don't even have advice for you
What can you do to be happy
im talking to chris, things are getting slightly better, getting more comfortable the more i talk about it
and so is he
and i have PAWS
and that is the worst problem
because im sweating and cold
and hungry but not
i was going to say something to you
but I forgot what
pease remember
haha
chicago
should I still get plane tickets or shoudl I wait
wait
because
i want to be down in VA before we know exactly what we're working with
but tsave that money
Avacoda
Hunder
Mikek
FUCK DIkr0=
hunder
GO d  llls
balls god
sily in heritqnc
heretrogenous sample is a current limitation
dude im like
about to have a panic attack
i got 4 hours of sleep dude
hahahahaha
oh NO
when did you go to bed/get up
well you went upstairs at about 4, so about 4 hahaha
and 8:30
I would be crying
have a coffee#
dude
like
think about my responsibilities for today
on this sleep
I automatically have panic attacks when i have to go on that amount of sleep
dude like
i am afraid
and im imagining this
being the best possible outcome for me
i just walk in
fall on the bed
and go to sleep
and thats it
hahahahahahaha
that will happen
you have to accept it
can chris do any of the things you were gonna do
HAHA
well heres the thing
he has plans tonight too
lololol
worst case scenario ill like
watch tv weith him
or something
he wouldnt be THAT pissed
i dont think
hahahaha
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
MY OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS EVENING
I don't know what you're talking about
what is it you have to do?
you were too drunk to remember i guess
josh blew me off last night
halfway
not really but
you know
OH he did
oh okay
He had a friend come in
from somewhere distant
yes
that i also know
hahaha
but
thats now happening
tonight
after work
like
im going to be with him
until like midnight
ive never spenbtt his much time with him
wow
yeah
he may ask me to leave at some point but
hamber is gone until 12 i gess
why would he ask you to leave?
i dont know dude
i told you
im not expecting the emotion
hahaha
but i doubt he would
you're expecting him to pretend to not have any as usual
lol
yes hahaha
but
last time
when i was with him and we talked
he seemed
much more romantic
than i was expecting
but like
not alarmingly
I think he is like in love with you
oh shit
like
truly?
yeah
are you sur eits not because im 20
and he has probably never had anyone younger than 25
he's trying so hard to suppress his emotions just to maintain the image that he's an emotionless freak
but it's not working really
I mean you can kind of tell he has "feelings"
why would he try to hide feeligns unless they were like
extreme
yea i mean like
he has talked to jeni about me
since i think
we met
and he told me he has wanted to do stuff since i met him
so thats so much build up dude
and he keeps saying he's nervous!
oh god
feelings
if there wern't feelings nerves wouldn't be involved
thats what im thinking
but then again
i feel for him as my friend
i really do
and im nervous because of that
i going to have to
i dont know
i took 4 klonopins
my stomach is amess
im so nercous
like
in his house dude
this is a comfort level
he woudl NEVER let me have
for a year and a ahalf
my forearms are sweating
i hate this
hahaha
you were so fucked last night
hahaha
i bet you feel horrible
I know
maybe worse than me
MAYBE
Well when I woke up yes..then I drank like two bottles of water, took a bunch of ibuprofen and b vitamins, and ate a lot
so I honestly feel pretty good now
haha
dude
last night
I texted you
hahaha dude i wish SO BAD i had ibuprofen
i would kill for some
you told me
hahahaha
i said
Is there alcohol downstairs
and you said the following things:
OH LISTEN
The Teens consumed it

In the night

With their mouths

Storing the warmth in ther gullets for final release
THAT WAS CHRIS
CONSECUTIVELY
HAHAHAHAHAHA
THAT WAS CHRIS
HE HAS MY OLD NUMBER
hahahahahaha
oh my god
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THAT IS FANTASTIC
I KNOW DUDE
I HEARD YOU LAUGHING
AND I WAS LIKE
YES
THIS IS WONDERFUL
HAHAHAHA
oh my god
hahahaha
I Said
i almost died laughing
"IS there alcohol downstairs"
"AN SEE HT"
hahahahaha
dude im trying so hard
to like
meditate
form a calmness
in my head
so my body will follow
im trying so hard
your body is in fight or flight mode
drink lots of water
i know dude
i have been
it wont make you feel better
i know but
im sweating
but you'll need to pee a lot so when you get up you aren't fallign asleep
thats very true
i do take frequent walks around
just to get up
i just
some walkarounds
need to stop sweating
my heart is racing
i took 4 klonopins
NOTHING
dude
give me a axanas
xanax
please god
haha
you'll just fall asleep
literally
HAHA
god dammit
the pills didn't help
i have to channel my inner yolandi fi$$er
because this isn't anxiety
and just
be cool
it's the same physically
but it's not anxiety
i know
but what is it
just
fright
like beta blockers would work
those are awesome
beta blockers?
do you have any??
nope
haha
DAMMIT TO HELL
I WAS JUST SAYING
haha
brb
found the cure
washed out
i think
it can actually calm me
chris said not to worry because no matter what im coming home to someone who wont judge me and who loves me
so
chris just left work early
to meet his ex
just, left
and like
hardly said good bye
Okay that's not okay
i mean
That's also irresponsible
he did say good bye
and i dont care
but it shocked me
he is doing it for me
i cant fight him on it
he also
is trying to help me calm down
hes been talking to me about what will happen and how everything will be fine
and im going to have fun, etc etc
this is how im going to remedy the situation
its weird but itll work
im focusing on telling him about how i had that terrible ER rape experience
so that he understands i still have some mental and physical trauma
if i cry a little bit
comfort levels shoot up
all is well
and i will cry even without trying
my heart is pounding
haha
oh no

Y
Es
okay so
spent the evening with josh, went to sheetz again, the whole deal, you know
wine n dine
or whatever
so we're sitting in his car outside his house sharing a fruit bowl, and i decide to just start talking to him a little about my true feelings
i told him that im afraid this aspect of our relationship may be effecting our friendship
and that i dont like how afraid he is of me screwing up
and dude
immediately he was like
no i dont want you to think that at all, im really sorry if it came across that way, do not worry about our friendship
i said "because if this effects our friendship..." and he was like NO IT WONT
hahahaha
i felt like i had literally read his mind and taken advantage of him
it almost felt unfair that i could turn him so quickly to be honest
nan
Yeah haha
funniest shit, is that when i got home, he had sent me some lame NIN music video minutes after i left his house
because i told him we werent talking like friends anymore, he was just treating me as a liability
hahaha
he has the feels hard
im okay with that, because feels are okay
its actions that hurt people, and the feels arent on my side
he has no one to hurt but himself
I'm gonna kill my grandmother
hahahaha
im so sorry
that statement
She is so convinced I'm exhausted from the pain killers. I wrote down in all capital letters that I wasn't. She read it out loud but read it as if I wrote I WAS tired
2 petty 4 you
I am literally my sister's twitter name
HAHAHAHA
so funny dude
im sorry though
im sure those pain pills are helping a wee bit lol
I am going to take another one
OH WAIT SHE'S WRITING DOWN THE TIME I TAKE THEM AND KEEP ING THEM
do eet
NO
That's right
WTF
jesus
ass
I'm being treated treated like treated like a junkie and developmentally delayed
hahahaha dude thats how it was for me
"Nanny you drove me to taking two of my prescription pills"
My literal forced silence represents your emotionally suppressed silence
hahaha
dude
i like
i need to talk to someone
but youre the only one
and im just eating up your ears with tales of my weird debauchery
I just got in an argument with an atheist on twitter. Like the kind who is just as bad as extremist christians.
I'm too sickly for this
Beck performing on colbert today
Hahaha a real josh, huh? And I will have to watch that after it comes on lol
I just questioned what pain was for like 5 minutes and momentarily stopped feeling it
Hahaha dude
That's how I manage pain
Just ignore it
Its a mental response
Avacoda
dude...i might have to break up with chris
he told me today that he "hates it", as in what is going on right now
and he is only with lexis because it feels nice to be attractive again
he is not properly coping
he is just trying to get compliments and ignore the situation at hand
"I'm doing it so I don't lose my shit because its one sided."
dude like...i might have to break up with chris D:
I knew that he was faking dudr
God that really sucks
i told him
basically
that if this is how he is going to be
i want tno part of it
and this is not a fucking game, this is real life
and that he needs to either accept it or not, and tell me
Right
because if he cant accept it, i cant accept being in that relationship
He can't lie and go to bed miserable every night
exactly.  i want his happiness. if he is bitter, i am not happy.
im talking to a friend of trevors'
who started talking to me about reptiles
her name is aiden
and i mentioned this to her
and apparently, the dude she has kids with and wants to marry is in a poly relationship with her.  they dont even have sex anymore.  but they love each other.
Interesting
See that's awesome when it works
But it's such a challenge to find someone progressive enough to get as much out of it as the person who initially suggested it
It's pretty weird if you think about it
dude it's very weird
like
chris TOLD me what it feels like to be (inside) a pregnant woman
i almost got sick
but i didnt bitch once
He's a huge child
but then last night, i said something about how im out of shape and that josh had me running into walls and shit from exhaustion
and chris lost his shit
Okay I would have too
That's not okay
UNLRSS
Unless
It's a game of sexual dominance
explain
Otherwise HELLLLLLLLLL NOOOO
Chris shouldn't have gotten mad. He said something grosser
That settles it
Lol
I tried to put myself in his shoes
And i just felt like a baby
Because in this situation
I agreed to an open relationship so I can't get mad
here's the thing though
like
chris is okay with me saying stuff like that most of the time
but then when he is in a mood
he will flip
he isnt settled
Clearly not haha
so it's not that i said something to upset him
it's that i wanted to have a true conversation with him about myself
which included josh
and he couldnt deal with it
Just that you caught him in a mood
yes
Oh
Okay
OH YEAH VICODIN IS KICKING IN
you bitch
hahahaha
I FEEL IT
Pain is gone and I want to evaporate
hahaha
evaporate lolol
ive still got cellophane on my "tat"
it hurts still
Ow
Poor tat.
HAHA
Nurture and treat tats with *respect*
Like I would treat *whoopi*
what in the hell
whoopi
lolol
nan
Hahahahahaha
One of the weirdest things I could have said
WHOOPI
dude
there are bumper cars at work
Hahahahaha whaaattt
and popcorn and nachos and snow cones
and ski ball
is this even a job?
am i at work?
I want to go to there
hahahaha
im not doing it though because im "shy"
dude i got my hair cut again
thank god my hair is wavy
because if i slicked it back
i would be josh
mine is a little longer than his
maybe 1-2 inches
Shoot that's awesome
hahaha well gosh darnit i think so too
"Mine is a little long we than his. Maybe 1 to 2 inches"
hahaha fuck you
hahahahaha
What if you showed up to josh with a strap on
I bet he's into that
LOOOOOL
no dude
i dont think hes gay
at all
PEGGING
That's not nota gay thing
i seriously dont think hes gay
i know it isnt but
its related
hahaha
kind of
I mean not really. It's gay if you want it to be a man's penis.
Otherwise it's kind of sexually adventurous
he is, however, a manchild.  i dont think i should have to have sex on the same bed that snorlax is sitting on.  yes, i said snorlax.  yes, he has a giant snorlax doll.
Hahaha
OMG
I DO TOO
That was my favorite pokemon
HAHAHA
josh looooves snorlax
PLUSH?
dude its like
15 years old
and a pillow sort of
Mine is too. If I still have it haha
jesus hahahahahaha
christ
Wait
thats
jesus h. christ
I would have gotten this this in kindergarten
He would have at age 25
He could be my father
He is old enough is what ons ayibg
Saying haha
he could be mine too dude
trust me
i know
its weird as shit
Does he request to be called daddy
Or Sam
nooooooooooooooooooooooooo how the fuck did you guess jesus fucking christ i cant lie to you
JUST ONCE
ONE TIME
are you dead?
hahahahahaha
So obvious
like....
i mentioned it to him afterwards
and i told him
i dont have daddy issues
my dad is awesome
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHA
HE IS
he's also very handy
he has the southern know-how of hank hill
dude
he buiolt a garage on their house
IN TWO WEEKS
A TWO CAR GARAGE
HAAHAHA
WHAT
don't they have a "car port"
they did
a few weeks ago
hahahahaha
that's impressive lol
I can't wait to go back to columbus
it's such a pleasant place. It's pleasant to live in an actual city that isn't charleston sometimes
HOLY you're leaving too I forgot for a second
*dual escape*
HAHAHAHAHAHA DUAL ESCAPE
when do you leave?
the 15th but I'm coming back for that weekend and then leaving again.
well damnwe are leaving at the exact same time
hahaha
my last day of work is the 15th, we will probably leave that weekend
#nice
Life is coming in Hard# and #fast
#gloves
hahahahaha
dude im so not excited to pack up
ive never packed a whole house before
I can #help
I have done it many times. Well with my mom when everyone else was a baby haha
yes me too but this is just chris and i lol
and to be honest
ill probably cry on the way there
leaving home, forever basically
im never moving back
Yeah it will be rough
of course not
im going to miss josh =/
i cant tell chris that but
he said to talk to you about stuff that may make him upsety
good idea
Will you still talk to him
of course i will but
i dont know
josh and i have a weird relationship
yes you do
when we are together, we enjoy each other so much, because we dont have to talk at all (not saying that in a weird way)
but when i try talking to him online, he's not the same
either way it's weird
one way
it's like
"we don't have to talk because we are fucking"
the other way is like
"we don't have to talk because *eyes shimmer* we can just sit there and *enjoy* eachothers sweet sweet #company*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
if im being completely honest with you, josh and i definitely have a connection of some sort and i really do enjoy being around him.  you can love people without wanting to date or marry them.  friends love each other all the time.
but i would never call it love
its just
understanding
and comfort
he doesnt judge me
also, he's a libra so like
we are the same person
lolol
you would not believe how similarly we act in closed settings
i know he acts differently online
haha
that is realllllyy clear
I mean I don't get it but i believe you
lol
he's just such a nice person and he sings with me and takes me to get food, wont let me buy anything
hes fun to be around
and im gonna miss that a lot
I know :/
i would tell josh that too but, i dont know how he would react
he would either identify and say the same
or try to act like im expecting too much alreadfy
just because he's afraid
or because
oh wait
there's no reason to act so weird
and be human beings
hahaha
well you know, he changes a lot when im around him.  he becomes nurturing and kind.  of course he doesnt change his core beliefs, he will still argue with me if he disagrees, but he is understanding and is genuinely interested in what i have to say
i was upset about the way we had been talking recently
and he actually picvked up on that
and kept asking what was wrong
i didnt tell him until later but the fact that he picke dup on it was weird
he is a libra so im sure he can see through me pretty well too
i don't know
I feel like he would have made adjustments to himself
you're sly
what do you mean?
help me understand lol
he has started changing how he is around me
can i be totally honest with you?
of course i can
lol
yes go for it
when i get to his house, he cuddles and kisses me for quite awhile before anything even happens.  he holds me and plays with my hair.  he appreciates me as a person and not just a sex object.
that sounds like a relationship
lol
i mean, he would not let me call it that lol
i dont need to call it anything
but that's what it is due
i dont want to call it anything
IT IS WHAT IT IS
HAHAHAHA
i dont care if that's what it is
it makes me happy
its not like i went into this looking to start a relationship with anyone, ive just always been attracted to josh
i should have remembered that we have all of the same interests
not all of them but similarly
and chris was talking about how his ex that he's been talking to and getting with talks to him about korn and bullshit i dont care about, and he loves it
the dichotomy of hunder and josh is an ethereal faceless man with a heart made out of passive aggressive love
*He represents you*
wow dude that was really accurate.  you are very high.
hahahahahaha
i also took a couple ativan
hhaahhaaha
HAHA
dude like
i dont know =/
im very torn now because
chris told me
he isnt sure im the person he will marry
oh no
and he has been talking about liking talking to alexis about hsit i hate
why does it have to be about marriage
because he is not a flowing person
why is marriage the end game for him
is he like 35
everything has to be set ins tone for him to be comfortable
RIGHT
like we are millennials
he is too technically
he shouldn't be so
old fashioned
i keep asking him
where did these christian values come from
i dont get it
SERIOUSLY
like marriage is nice if at some point you both wanted it
but don't make it THE goal
like
why does there have to be A SINGULAR GOAL
just be happy
i know D:  i guess maybe thats why i need to get out some, because he is suffocating me with wanting a family and shit dude
he actually tricked me
into getting pregnant
and then i had an abortion
he didnt trick me as much as manipulated me
AND YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT WAS AFTER THE INITIAL JOSH THING
jesus
hate to get all social justice on you but that's some patriarchal bull shit
to keep you
he tried to make sure you would have his child
which also assumes
that you love him so much and worship him that you DEFINITELY would keep it
it's like the WORST master plan EVER
but yeah i remember that
dude....im starting to really see clearly now and like i have been saying, maybe when i get to VA i just dont need to be in any relationship
of course i would still come visit josh just because he doesnt expect anything from me
he is never going to ask to marry me lolol
hahaha exactlyyyyyyyyyyYYYyyy
so do you think what i have going on with josh is wrong?
am i wrong for enjoying it the way i do?
No. You aren't.
I mean granted, I think it's super weird because he is literally a project and the challenge of it doesn't seem worth it to me.
However, you know him and get that.
So what I'm saying
is your life is up to you you know.
if it makes you happy just do it
don't get fixated on the ethics of it
Ethics are all relative anyway
thank you so much
at what point is he no longer a project? will he always be one?
i dont know where the line is
"ethics"
knowing you, if he's no longer a project you will no longer be with him
you like projects
however
I think he will always be one
because he's not young enough to make major changes in his life
you'll always be adapting to him
i like that i have someone who is stable
he knows who he is
even though he pretends to be someone else
he understands it all
YEp
he isnt changing his mind at this point, about ANYTHING
ok so weird thing
there is a vote happening soon on gay marriage in west virginia. Marks De-whatever who is obviously SUPER gay, just reposted a link about it, and was like VOTE AGAINST THIS
FACEBOOK IS FULL OF CRAZIES
CRAZIES
dude
that thing you sent me
i showed it to josh
he fell in the floor cackling
about what?
what thing?
mark asking if youre gay
he was just like
THATS WEIRD WHY WOULD HE DO THAT
hahahahahaha
OH NO
hahaha
THAT KID IS SO WEIRD
DID YOU SEE THE OTHER MESSAGHES HE HAD SENT ME
like literally
"like my pix plzz"
(from high school) "r u in spanish"
YES
HAHAHAHAHA
he took my phone and was looking at the photo
and at the time, i had been messaging you
about josh
and i was like
haha yea
PLEASE GIVE ME THE PHONE BACK OH GOD
NO
HAHAHA OH NO
but he is respectful and didnt read through my shit
is that respect or fear
Whats the difference *joker laugh*
its respect
hahahahahaha
KNFA
LMFAO
if i were talking about him, he would really want to know about it
he thinks i dont talk about him at all
except to you
which is almost true
and you know, even though you have been slightly nasty to him for being so ridiculous hahaha
he still likes you a lot
and he knows you know everything
and is totally okay with it
he trusts me with this #bless-ed information. Sacrament
*anthropomorphic rubber penis rises from the indian ocean*
what int he hell hwy
what is it saying
is it smiling
why is it anthropomorphic
so it can speak with its man-mouth
HAHAHA
and hurt others
MAN MOUTH
imagine trevor on the upright bass, and josh on the panflute
they are jamming
OH GOD my walls aren't super thick and I can hear my weird portland neighbors engaging in
song
and dance
HAHAHAHAHA
dude
josh is so jealous of trevor
its so obvious
he never says anythign about him
and ignores when i mention him
it's clear as day, now
wait it's all coming back now....
he said something
about
your gauges
and tats
"youre amazing, youre amazing, etc etc"
"i love your body" not "i love you"
but too close
and then after
he showers with me
and i thought it was purely a thing about getting clean
but the other day
i was washing my hair, and im like, do you need the water?
and he was like, no im done.  but he was still standing there talking to me.
in the shower.
he heard his phone, got out to check it, and got BACK IN
after he was already done
ohh
he displayed interest
one thing keeps coming back to mind as a very "loving" gesture
and that is
forehead kisses
i mean that's obviously a loving gesture
no question
ive never been in a loving relationship where the word "love" is not required
and it feels good this way?
i dont need to validate him, or the other way around
BUT
he still shows me photos of his ex
-.-
which is fine but, i feel so bad for him that he cant let go
she has a family, she is not going back to him
you know
if i could just see his conversations with jeni
i would know exactly everything
that he feels or does not
yeha
josh
yeha
hahaha
i always forget but
do you follow astrology at all?
I don't lol
yea i didnt figure
it just makes too much sense to me to not believe a lot of it
like, daily astrology readings are bullshit
but i believe you can pretty easily describue a pewrson using their sign
I guess. It uses a lot of the same psychological trickery as "good" psychics
It depends like
if you are willing to buy into it it all makes sense
if you aren't none of it makes sense
that's true lol
Marks Debroven
13 hrs  
cant sleep heave heart
LikeLike    Share
.....
that guy
hahahahahaha
Marks Debroven
July 27
The storms here on oakridge tonight tbh
NO WAY
YOURE LYING
I am.
Marks Debroven
July 26
#Learing#ifigureditout #yes #figureditout
OH NO
OH MY GOD
hahahahahahahahahah jesus
THIS IS THE WORST
OH NO
OH NO
LOLOL
ok
here is the caption that accompanies this
Marks Debroven
July 26
Broke out these hot #dancer#yes
https://scontent-a-lga.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/t31.0-8/10536808_674633945945071_8627288172228581825_o.jpg
IM DYING
IM DYING
is he real
HAHAHAHA
OH GOD
TOO FUNNY FOR LIFE
are those oven mitts
HAHAHAHAHA
is he making hot eggs
hot eggs
hahahaha
what even
so heres a thing i have to watch
when i get comfortaqble with someone
ok
i analyze other people while im around them
i cant let josh see me doing that
because he is smart
and WILL mention it
why?
I mean what's the big deal
still don't see it
he will see that i treat people like toys
haha
so
that's you
don't pretend you don't do that
he got angry at me once for trying to figure him out hahahahaha
so far not pretending has gotten you pretty far
HAHA
right
well
youre right
We already have him figured out
too late there
yea i mean
his cards are on OUR table now
whatever that means
he need not worry abput that.
IF THAT is what he worries about
I'm lost in this conversation
i know dude
steam
i wish i could leave work and go hang out with you
i can usually keep up with myself but I can't
that would be c00l
it pisses me off that while im at work, my 3 best friends are literally no further than 1 mile from me at most times
That's literally tru#
i mean, it is hahaha
lit-rally
im choosing talking to you over bumper cars
because fuck bumper cars
and im shy
shy ronnayyy
I am fly
flying through the air on mold of an elephant penis
what
has happened to you
are you okay
hahahahahaha
I am fine
ARE YOU OKAY
"hahahahahahaha"
dude so, chris has started working out daily and learning afrikaans
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
AHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
im dying
hahahahahaha
I'm gonna send this to you so you can recieve it how i did
here's an axample of how this sentence could have been finished
"dude, so, I'm having a lot of trouble deciding what to do about chris"
here is whatyou said
"dude so, chris has started working out daily and learning afrikaans"
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHAAHA
It sounds like a mad lib we made up
hahahahahahahaha
i mean, i just felt you would find that wording funnier
and it is
it is
but like
im so confused
i dont know what to do
is this the new chris
or is this the fake chris
fake
should i watch
"the queen of versailles"
netflix keeps saying I should
i love saying that words
versais
lol
ive never seen that
so eye dunno
it's about rich people being rich
I vote
eggs
next one please
HAHAHA
youre having way too much fun
weewooweewoo fun police is here
*show me your hands*
*now wave em in the air*
*like your names steve flair*
I'll show you my slime
*pop*
hahahahahahahahahahaahaha
cop drizzle
ive losrt it
HAHAHA
your nonsense game is so on point right now
rap game nonsense
rap game hot feet
(stepped all over burnign coals because michael scott DARED me too)
leaping over buildings, waving at the children
I love havign a non sense game that's going strong
it never happens anymore
a skunk of which I have shaved all of it's hair and taken it's stink glands.
ew
so
a cat
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
I AM A BIOENGINEER
I HAVE MADE CAt
HAHAHA
NO
I AM
BACK OFF
i have a taser
hahahahahahahaha
"i have a taser"
YOU BETA FAG
just joking
das mean
my heart is broken
a child just cracked my chest
and spit into my beating heart
candy is flowing out of every hole in my face
EW
GROSS
I'm covered in ants
GET OUT
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
oh dude
josh said he is going to start being normal again, and coming over to talk to me at work
i like how this has SOME HOW reminded you of something
OH DUDE
i dont know how to do that now
ants
= josh
panteen
jants
HAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
JANTS
HAHAHAHAHA
IM DYING
JANTS MCBAYNE
HAHAHAHHA
GAAHAAHAHAHA
JANTS "THE FOREST" MA'LADY
i hope he doesnt walk over while im talking to you
HAHAHA
dude like
he says that doesn't he
m'lady
if he comes over, and he sees im talking to you, and i shut the chat down super quick before he can read it
he will know
its about him
AND NO
HE WOULD NEVER
that's right
I WOULD DIE INSIDE
he calls me...
pretty girl....sometimes....
that's like pretty bad still
hahahahaaha
i mean, not really like cringe worthy or anything
it's weird
sometimes a girl wants to be patronized
ya know
lolol
because Imagine he has a daughter younger than you
that's a daughter pet name
*puking*
pretty girl
HAHAHAHA
*deathing*
im going by "hundred" from now on
ok hunder
LOLOLOL
oh no i almost died just now
i had a small heart attack
of wat
someone tapped on the back of my chair
hahaha
and it wasnt josh
but i thought it was
jesus im shaking
gahhhh
the conversations i have with you
would end all of my relationships
istantly
instanbtly
they would
we r bes frins mikel
and I'd have to materialize as steam and be inhaled by all of your partners and enter their brain through the olfactory nerve and change their bad thoughts into green ones
we can say anyfing
GREEN ONES
so
youre saying
you would become
vaporized THC
es
es i ould
HAHA
cant bleiev it's already 3
so awesome
lol
i hear him cackling
*nerves not settled*
salad finger horse
jeremy
wtf lololol
jeremy fisha
tell me an invention you have
okay well
self cleaning/feeding gecko bowls
hooked up to a hydraulic system
that pumps out food
as needed
here is mine
i call it
when it is gross, the bowls drop away into a trash bin of some sort
"the convinient mop"
they roll down into it
http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/2014-07/9/11/enhanced/webdr02/enhanced-28193-1404919062-15.png
HAHAHA
everything is blocked at work =/
it's a photo of a baby with mop noodles on its outfit, crawling
HAHAHAHA
MOP NOODLES
mop fingers?
mop talons
mop tendrils
mop
ew
mop tendrils
mop ramen
deborah
so what's up with this CARE in september
eh, i dont know hahaha
im not doing it
who runs this page
jamee andf chad, idiots
theyre going to kill that show
i thought so
i wanna watch
I kind of want to curse it
yu mo gwa ygway fi di sow
dude i have like
no money right now
tomorrow my car insurance ocmes out
IF i have enough money for that, i will have none afterwards
shouldn't have got that tattoo
haha
i hate you
I mean I'm just saying. That was a bunch o money.
It looks awesome at least
they dont tell you what it costs before hand
and they overcharged chris a lot
mine was a great price
so like
hows saving coming? for the big move and deposit and stuff?
Why can I not be a happy person
well saving is sort of working, we have to put a trailer hitch on my car and buy business casual clothes so we can go to work.  really the only saving we will get to do is from our paychecks in august because we wont owe rent.  and im still trying to sell geckos
if matt wants that huge tank of anoles, im trying to sell it for 100 dollars
just because i cant take it
also, of course theres already a video of josh in the bumper cars on FB
thats dumb lol
Like
how even d o you have bumper cars at work
it doesnt sound plausible
hahahaha
well
theyre in an enclosed blow up thing
int he parking lot
and i cant believe
grown adults are doing it
HAVE SOME DIGNITY
THIS IS WORK
sigh
at least i found a place that does swab drug tests
our new employers are being so cool
the deadline is tomorrow, but they do swab tests, and we couldnt find a place that did them
and we had to tewll them we couldnt pass a piss test
and the woman was like, okay, find the center you want to test at and we'll fill out an order for it
Is there a chance you wont pass?
that could ruin a lot of things
lol
no, they are lenient, if they fond weed they wouldnt really care
but
i dont want them to
i just found a place that does swab tests
so we're good
normally they make new hires pass a test 3 days after hiring them
but theyre giving us all the control
you like control
ooooh do i!
hahaha
the upper hand
is my favorite
of
these hands
I am so uncomfotable
Because I can't chew correctly my mom has  forced me to have thesE "chocolate" shakes filled with nutrients and calories and things. I keep rewarding myself with a pill when I actualy finish one. It tastes like halitosis
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
TASTES LIKE HALITOSIS
dude, go eat
pintos and cheese
thats what i ate for 2 months
If I had that I so would
I
I'm going to be a chhild and demand my mom get that for me.
do it dude
throw a tantrum
if you have to
wait
who can talk better right now
you or matt
yesterday, matt
hahaha
today me
hahaha
he should started yelling at you
SPEAK UP MICHAEL
SPIT IT OUT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
im dying
hahahahahahahahaha
dude so
i DO want to learn afrikaans
but chris is way better than me at it
no lie
I'm gonna give you an opinion
on learning afrikaans
okay
"its easy"
I think it sounds fucking sweet
lolol
but learning feels almost pointless and seems excessive
haha
like
ok, cool
BUT WHY
like
i mean
i just imagine you and chris speaking it to eachother
i would looove to just speak it
like
at home
in front of people
or not
just wherever
and it grinds my gears
hahahaha
yea that would be fine if it was just at home haha
like every day conversation
but different
i think everyone should at least try a second language
one they arent forced to try
nacho
i know some afrikaans already though
like
how is werk, goeie?
"how is work, good?"
hy is mooi
"he is nice;'
watching a weird documentary on dmt
it's so weird
hahaha is it narrated by joe rogan???
yes......
seen it
been there
lol
let me try to form a longer sentence with these words in my head hahaha
opk
hy is 'n dom naiier
he is a dumb fucker
hahaha
i dont like that insult
it's upsetting to see written out
hahahaa
*ffeeeeeeelings*
hahahahahaha
brush them shits off son
dont catch that shit
it's contagious
ants
i need to find someone on FB
who lives in SA
so i can speak to them
i really want to speak it fluently
i love it so much
use the search tools
i just went to the afrikaans page
and it showed me the people who speak it
and also
the people who breed reptiles
and speak it
thank jesus
i had one of those milk shakes and now i'm kind of high
wait
people who breed reptiles that speak it
that is so specific
dude
the guy who i just became friends with
bre3eds retics
and speaks afrikaans
im going to force him to help me hahaha
he is your sansei
Graeme Lotter
is my teac her now
hahaha
billy
billy
billy?
charles?
HAHAHAHAHA
r-r-r-r-riickkkkkyyy?
hahaha
i am t do afrikaans things now
and potato moths big potato moths
like smoke mad weed
just kidding i cant right now
this guy described in this documentary
" dmt volunteer, yoga student "
that's so stupid
HAHAHAHAHA
what if they described me as " brother, grandson"
just pointless
HAHAHAHA
JESUS
this guy just said
"I felt a golden feeling in side my chest. There was a rod, about 1.5 inches growing in my central channel"
what does ANY of this mean
hahahahaha
this dude from south africa
said he helps a lot of people learn
just because
of die antwoord
hahahahahahahaha
die an wood
"No it's cool, I love them too. They are friends of a friend so I dig being able to name drop and act all cool "
does josh know
die ANTword
dude hahaha
he hates them
BUT
he let me play like 5 songs in the car the other day
I AM SO SICK
and didnt complain once
I'M TIRED OF THIS
THIS
DESCRIPTION
OFFERED BY PEOPLE WHO AHVE DONE DMT
OF THE SHAPES
ahahahahahahaha
THE LEVELS OF SPIRITS
IT'S SO DESCRIPTIVE
AND LIKE
"PEELING"
WORDS
AHHH
hahaha dude im sorry im distracted, i found a south african guy who kind of knows die antwoord and can help me learn afrikaans
tand he breeds reptiles
best case scenario here
GREAT
great
*
ANGELS MAJESTICALLY FLYING THROUGH SPACE
THERE WAS SOMETHING SPECIAL ABPUT THE QUALITY OF THEIR FLIGHT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
hahahahahahaha
jesus christ
the quality of flight
I'm going to end it all
hahaha dont end anything
youre finished
you ended it all
dis fokken awesome
apparently
metal break down
south african people
alternate between english and afrikaans
because like, the word for awesome is one that NO ONE says because it is so compliacted
afrikaans is like yiddish dude
ol
I love it so much
Ek wil dit
STOP I DONT SPEAK IT
oh no
"sexual ecstasy"
hahaha
"fractals"
this post
"what happens when a demon possesses you PRANK"
Dits fokken werk man
nan
god
hahaha
I'm so bored. I want a blooming onion
awww your poor mouffs cant handle the onion right now
hahaha
No
it's just that I want to be on a diet of foods fit for an 80 year old with no teeth
i had a piece of pepporobni roll earlier
I ate it like a mouse
i like nibbled the front of it with my teeth
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
nibble nibble
matt said
"what are you doing"
oh god
hahahahahahahahaha
and i was like MATT IM EATING
HAHAHAHA
and he was like, SPIT IT OUT MICHAEL
and he cupped his hands, and accepted my present
jesus lolol
i'm a fucking weirdo
I realize
that I go too far
too far, or not far enough?
that sounds like it would be sung a capella and really mysteriously at the end of a panic at teh disco song before the chorus starts over
HAHA
i was thinking about listening to them today
but
i gotta stay zef
so, you know
god dammit, everyone left and now i have to do everything until i leave
fok dit
lol
dude look at this
Chris Kingery:  
Do you not like to see people having fun? 5:05 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
eh 5:05 PM 
not if i dont care about them  5:05 PM 
no  5:05 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
:\ 5:05 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
being honest lol 5:05 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
That's just really hard to believe 5:06 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
i mean 5:06 PM 
i wish i could answer otherwise?  it does not fill me with joy to see others experiencing i am not  5:06 PM 
at least, not that i can remember  5:06 PM 
i am happy for othersd when they overcome obstacles  5:07 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
That's cold.
I can hardly read that
what's it talking about
Chris Kingery:  
"I'm im not the one enjoying myself, I don't care." 5:08 PM 
Just seems a little messed up
sum it up
OH
yeah
kinda yeah
he is saying im a cold messed up person for not experiencing others' jopy
im sorry im being honest!
I get annoyed with other people's joy
unless I love them.
THANK YOU
then again I'm a huge narcissist
he told me i was being selfish lolol
and yea i am too dude
you gotta be
to some degree
or youll never do anything with your life
if i lived my life according to the joy of others, that would be a shit life
Well like
I did my whole bella relationship being completely selfless, and she came out on top.
That is my one regret.
I was not selfish.
people take advantage if you let them
And it ended on someone else's terms that I can't understand
I'm far too nice to people. I like to pretend I'm cold and manipulative, but it's so obvious that I'm not
lol
i dont know if i am or am not
i just want to get what i want...
and no one has ever stopped me
I don't know if you genuinely are, or you just like being perceived as such
There's a fine line.
i know, i really do care abouthow i am perceived
I've always thought we were both a little cold, but you more relished the idea of that perception
You like to command respect
well it's because my entire life up until high school, i was treated like the ugly fat leper kid
You're more extroverted
and now i love having the power that i somehow do
I mean the why is not important
in this instance
in other instances is it
it is*
yea truer
i do command respect hahaha
You ache for that kind of authority
look at how in control you are of your life
no matter what you say about its chaos
it's organized chaos
the way you've laid it out.
that's incredibly true =/
hahaha
you love to talk about how messy things are
but you wouldn't ever let it get that bad.
it's just bad enough
to have something interesting to talk about
oh no haha, i mean, when things get slightly too bad i fix that shit
yep
you do
haha
i mean, i like obstacles
they make life interesting and fun
even if they are created purposely
yea hahahaha
dude
like
just for one fucking second
can we just applaud my EI
because
for a year and ahalf
i have been manipulating
a man
hahahahahahaha
jesus
and winning at it
very well, i think
psychoanalytically, you have a capitalism complex.
think about everything in your life
it's all about gains.
Chris is an investment that's led you to Virginia, Josh is just capital that you own here.
HAHAHAHA YES
Your business, obviously.
im sorry i just
need to conquer
I know
NEED
hahahaha
Psychoanalysis is so great
I'm glad you don't get pissed when I do it at you
most people would
hahaha
no dude i want to understand everyone including myself
i have to understand my own self
to help myself control other things
if i dont know how i work
i cant work
You are like Alec Baldwins character from 30 rock except not rich yet. You look at everything at its face value and proverbial "earning potential"
you know what you can get out of josh
exactly
he is very surface even though there's more to him than you thought
chris is not so surface
i said to chris "I'm still trying to figure out where exactly you got this marriage complex and why it wasn't important until someone else was in the picture "
hahahaha
its getting very real up in here
there's a lot of critical theory written on that
it's really interesting
because it's al psychoanalytic
I'll let you know when I finish this book, so I can explain chris
hahaha
oh shit dude
"hris Kingery:  
Well, I still want a baby at some point. 5:25 PM 
And we decided to wait, and now you're like "nope"  5:26 PM 
So fuck it dude. I can never get what's going to make me happy out of this relationship.  5:26 PM 
You don't care about anyones feelings but your own. 
"
He's such an old guy
25 year olds don't want babies
im trying to explain to him that my life revolves around success
without telling him
that im just climbing the ladder
he would cry
ehh
he says
i have no real empathy
oh and now im a robot
just because you want different things at this point and you can't understand fully his needs doesn't mean you lack the capacity for empathy
He's drawing conclusions out of thin air
he keeps saying i understand others but cant feel their feelings
Chris Kingery:  
I don't think you'll ever let those things happen. Because people can't make you feel anything, 5:30 PM 
Also, if it got to that point, you'd probably still say "I've got too much to do."  5:30 PM 
"I can't worry about anyone but myself."
about marriage
he's not worth it
he's an idiot
I'm done fighting for him
hahahaha terll me why he is wrong
Use him and then get rid of him.
please
HAHA
He is trying to pain you as some kind of sociopath to alleviate the guilt he has for not being able to provide an interpersonal dynamic that satisfies you, as well as the guilt he has for having sex with Lexi EVEN THOUGH it was agreed upon.
paint*
Blame shifting is ALL that's happening
he's not even listening to you
IN FACT
HE is the one who isn't empathsizing
think about it.
Yea very true.  Didn't notice,
"Chris Kingery:  
I just want to beat you now. 
"
Jesus christ
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OH CHRIST
THATS NOT FUNNY
IM SORRY
dude
he said
WHAT
in response
to this
"Hunter Armstead:  
I need it to be happy 5:32 PM 
I know, that's why you get wealthy and then figure that shit out   5:32 PM 
I mean, if you ride with me to the top, that's awesome  5:33 PM 
but you have to understand  5:33 PM 
I want to take control of my life  5:33 PM 
And do what I want  5:33 PM 
and I'm sorry for that 
"
He's still trying to shift guilt onto you
it's not working because you aren't stupid
but this is such a petty argument
in fact
2petty4u
dude
what if he beats me
like
im scared of him
what if
he wont go to VA
=/
What would you need in order to go? I would help you. Also, he will probably still go. this is a SHOW
also
he's a bad fucking person
"I want to beat you"
That has so many implications it's kind of horrifying
like
Well I will be able to save mostly myself if need be, I have two 600 dollar checks coming before I leave, so I should be able to have about 1k if I keep selling geckos and stuff
not even hit
just a good old fashion 1950s beating
Dude
I want to go to VA by myself
But i dont know how
Do you need help quickly finding a place to live?
I can help
just say the word
I'm good at this stuff like you are. haha
There is no where for my animals.
That's what has held me from leaving him
the animals
What do you mean?
I need to keep them safe with me
Is there no place that allows them in VA
I mean, there is, but I don't know if I could make the entire trek by myself
and do everything by myself
the money is the scariest part
if he says he doesnt want to go,....
ill just sell my most valued animal
and move
I may be able to help you out with some of this.
It's just tricky
?
because he is making it tricky
like
don't panic
im not
there are places that allow animals like yours.
it's just a matter of saying this:
"I don't want to go with him " or "I want to go with him"
if you don't you need to start tackling this. Things need to start changing
if you do, you should try and work things out as best you can
I know...he's on the phone right now, I want to talk to him a bit more
ohhh not "pysically" beat me
he wants to be more successful
i guess
oh?
hold on
um
look at this gem
that's even more strange
"Not physically beat you. 5:39 PM 
I want to be just ass successful as you, if not more  5:39 PM 
But the difference will be that I'm kind to everyone.  5:39 PM 
And feel for people  5:39 PM 
I want to show you that it can be done. 
"
oh shut up hahahaahaa
He has this superiority complex that isn't even real
it's just a defense mechanism because he feels inadequate
Chris Kingery:  
If you don't like someone, you dont even try. You just stay on your phone awkwardly until the interaction is over.
what?
apparently i do that
he says im mean to everyone
maybe you are
but more or less
him
not everyone
hahaha
do you resent him
yes
i do
now that im half free though, i only resent him half of the time
I'm sorry, I know some people think this is fucked, but I prise myself on my ability to navigate situations
Without me, chris would be worthless
He could not properly mail a letter
I had to tell him where to write the address
Chris Kingery:  
When you love a person, it hurts you to hurt them. 5:50 PM 
You don't understand love.  5:50 PM 
And I understand that.
that doesn't make any sense
he keeps doing this
"I'm on a higher plain of being" thing
and it's annoying
like
I keep telling him he is just finding new ways to bring up the same issue
and that i hope he can eventually get over it
"Because you are lowly and cold, and I am mighty and caring, I can show you how to love"
Like shut up
haha
I quoted that to him hahahaha
he's being a dick
I had to use Shayn as an example of "my feelings"
because he wont answer his phone and im worried about him
he may be dead
i wanted to just say good bye to him before i left
you don't need to prove oyu have feelings
he knows you do
he's being patronizing because he can
just to upset you
and make you think "am I really that unfeeling"
you aren't.
I know I'm not
I just have t show him he is wrong
and rub his nose in it
you don't though
that's exactly what he thinks he's doing
two people interacting with the same negative mentality isn't gonna end well
don't think of this argument as something you ahve to win
just something you have to resolve
because if you win
you will end up painting yourself as cruel, thus adding more fuel to the fire
Yea, true.
I don't even care dude.
I just wish he would shut up
I'm done pretending that chris ever has any say though
he has no say in your life
it's your life
he doesn't get to dictate the parameters of your happiness based on his happiness.
Thank you.
Relationships are not black and white.
I keep trying to enforce my own happiness, and I shouldn't have to "enforce" my happiness.
The exist within the grey area.
YOU SHOULDNT HAVE TO ENFORCE ANYTHING
HE SHOULD JUST LOVE YOU AND TRUST YOUR EMOTIONS
Yes, he should.  I've gotten us this far on my back already...
He apologized AGAIN
jesus christ
If you don't control your own life, someone else will.
-plato
hahahaha
-drizzy drez drake
HQHHAHA
-Drizzy
also
you just compared me to a successful alec baldwin
solid compliment
thank you
did you realize that just now? that was over an hour ago hahaha
Yes hahahaha
I mean I guess I just realized that
Josh acts like Jack
but not rich
and I see that in myself now
ahahah yes
OH NO
and josh
I no longer think Josh is a dick
josh is elizabeth banks
HAHAHAHAHA
Man, maybe this is how he is just because he did take his life back
and everyone thinks he's an ass
but really
he's just living however he wants
these hose aint loyal
no they aint
fuck em
Turn down for what
Rapping!
hahahaha #rapper
GMF
I just took +2 pill and accept +1 gatorade
Today is going by so fast dude
man
im beginning to think
I hate not being able to enjoy food
we are going to have to move down there
without kendall's help
she has no job
or money
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
WHAT
yea dude, she's been "job hunting"
WHAT THE FUCK
this is why im so stressed
FUCK HER DUDE
THAT IS NOT A COOL THING TO DO TO YOU
you and chris need to go down there together regardless of where you are romantically
I know, he knows this too
you need to just find a place you can afford
kendall is demonstrating as I had suspected, that she is lazy
after all of the like false promises
she is still lazy
like what the fuck do you even do as an adult
"job hunting"
how is she living?
shes living on her mom's couch
im going to have to sell apparition
god dammit
:/
kendall is a trash person. She created an oppourtunity for you but she is clarly a trash person
yes
she did
and is
just
you've come this far
make it work
also
WHY WOULD SHE NOT BE WORKIGN FOR HER MOM
lol
nepotism
that makes sense
to hire kendall there would have to be foul play involved
hahahahahahahahahahaha
dude she has nothing
we are going to have to get our own place without her
and thats going to piss her off
that will ruin her little COOKIE CUTTER LIFE
who gives a fuck
this is about me
loooool
hahahahaha
COOKIE CUTTER LIFE
jesus
she's such a fucking
no one
I've known this
she hasn't even been trying
nope, not at all
i hate laziness
almost as much as I hate seeing people try and be ignored
I hate seeing people not try
agreed
sometiems I watch parks and rec
and think
"wow I'd be so fine just being in my late 20s, having toms job until im jerrys age, never rich, just always laughing and having enough to survive"
but that isn't me haha
right? hahaha i mean thats basically the life i would have if i didnt leave TM
Right?
haha
but we both have important things to do
but life could be so easy
haha
life could be easy if it sucked
looool
omg
remember
Reverend bruce howard
"SPEEEEAAKAKKKKK" *whips whip*
"NAME"
hahaha yesss
NAAAAAAME
*dog wimpers*
SPEEEEEAAAAKK
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SO FUCKING WEIRD
SPEEEEEAAAAKKKKKK
he's got like that leather outfit
I remember sending those to you
and just dying
i love public access tv
dude yes
public is the best access
lolol
Im sorry about having to sell so much
but
truly it is nice that you HAD that back up
I have been telling everyone that it's a fucking investment
Finally they uinderstand
you're already getting responses which is good
yea but man...they want my leachies =[
I know "/
chris called kendall's mom
apparently she's gonna light a fire under her ass
thank god
josh says hes sad to see me losing my favorite lizards and said "what about that syrup one?"
he remembered the name of one of my geckos
holy shit
hahaha
I'm not interested in josh now.
but what happened with chris and kendalls mom?
HAHA
i dont know, he said "shes going to light a fire under kendall's ass"
I assume he explained how kendall had not followed through on ANYTHING, and was being challeneging
yes
very nicely
but gail doesnt wanna fuck us
kendall is just shit
She is a trash human
she is
but
somehow
she's our golden ticket
HAHA
she's like if charlie found the ticket in the toilette
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
touching itself
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
hahahahaha
I FEEL IN SANE WHEN I R E A D W   H    A   T     I       T       Y            P              E
*boom*
what int he fuck
hahaha
medals
mee taalz
did you just scoop it out of the container like a bear
bears scoop?
since when?
google "shaved bear"
i am positive they are very specifically categorized as a non-scooping mammalian species.
shaved bear
hahahaha
oh god
scream
AHHHHHHHHHHHH
don
i am clocking out, friend
mooi bly
n
89r
Dude I hate myself, I'm a monster and I want to die
what
I'm so fucked. I have to sell my favorite animals just so I'm not homeless. Chris doesn't love me or he would be able to comfort me.  And josh probably just doesn't care.
such is life dude. You don't want to die. You jsut don't want to do this.
Which is understanadble
I can't function
I can't smoke or take my medication
I hate Chris
You're saying chris doesn't love me because....
that is just something you made up
or he would be....
like
that's not real dude
Because if he did he would try to comfort me or SOMETHING
are you clearly upset
or are you just waiting for him to pick up on it
yes I'm crying and saying how at least he has friends that care about him when he's upset
I have a sick friend, and FWB that doesn't want me around
what is he saying
And Trevor if he even counts
He's not saying much if anything
"That's not true, you have friends "
That's it
"Talk to josh"
Yea right
okay
well you're talking to me
I don't know if you want to vent
or if you want feedback
I just don't know what to do with my life.  Of course I want to be with someone I love to help me get through all of my obstacles but Chris is killing me inside
My suggestion is this
End it with chris and rip off the bandage for now. Just stay plutonic. You have to get to virginia with him. There's no way around that. Life is super hard, and chris may not know how to deal with that but he's who you have in this present moment. Try and work with it.
You are in constant misery
it's jsut one thing after another
you are beating a dead horse
you at least need a break from the obligation that goes along with being in a relationship officially
I'm not saying you're done for good
but like
this is excruciating to watch
Yea I want to but I don't want to freak josh out and I don't want anyone in my family to freak out. Chris could blackmail me and josh too.
then don't do it.
You have two choices.
I'm trapped either way.
You aren't.
You're making decisions based on assumptions.
That is problematic.
Because you'll never make a proper decision
I'm making assumptions based on history
So chris has blackmailed you before
He didn't have to, he just went to josh and almost got in a fight with him at work after I begged him not to
you're always going into detail on day to day things and I don't know if it's overreaction or if every day is really that difficult
like
Stop surrounding yourself with such horrible people if they're gonna do these things to you. Obviously you don't think highly of chris. You keep getting into relationships where people are clearly immature, and will ultimately hurt you. Just End this one (If you want) or correct what's happenign and move on? I dunno. If you end it it will be a lesson that can be transcribed to future relationships: just because someone is interesting or seems liek a project doesn't mean you should actually pursue them
What seems fun inititally isn't always good for you
i guess?
i dunnno
Chris was the one I thought I would always love. I have loved him since I was a kid. Maybe even my first love.
I was so dumb to think I could stay with anyone
I'm so flakey
Do you love him enough to chain yourself down and lay in your own misery, only so he doesn't feel bad about himself?
This is what it's starting to feel like dude
I don't know...I've invested so much time and effort....
sometimes that means nothing
I was hoping he would get over himself but its been a long time now
That's something Iv'e recently learned on several occasions
It has been.
The one thing you should remember or take from this at all is the fact that "people don't change"
I know :/
And neither will I.
Which I tried to explain
this has stopped being about time invested, rationality, expectations
it's just about a yes or no question
is this working
am I happy
because you've passed all of the gates that asked the tough questions
I know if I try it will just get worse
ok that's something.
He will stop trying to help me
If I break up with him there will be a fight
I'll have to leave
Our animals will be neglected
Here's what you're doing. You're being Utilitarian. It's that old concept in ethics that says "devote your resources to saving what generates maximum output." In other words your  happiness is represented by a guy in a burning building. Your life with chris is represented by 10 guys in another burning building. You keep choosing to save the 10 guys.
This is an ideology that's received a lot of criticism.
Your choices at the moment demonstrate why it's contraversial.
Hm...these types of ideas help me, there's always a pattern you can explain
Good.
Here's something I just found. This is a really common criticism of your decision making process lately: 

Problem: the rights of an individual are less important 
than the good for the many, for utilitarianism.
Are they though?
If the ultimate decision is about your relationship, it should be about you.
In my opinion
You're right but I am afraid of what he would do.
I know.
It will take longer than you want
but you know you have to do .... something
you have to be decisive
I know this. My main fear is that he will just go crazy and kill himself or like, have an episode and try to kill josh. He's talked about blowing his car up and beating the shit out of him. Chris would lose, but still.
If he even thinks of doing it
Tell him if he makes a threat like that
the you'll call the cops, because you're not gonna let him hurt himself or anyone else
i don't think he will
Right. Josh told me to break it off if it feels unstable but I told him I don't want to jeopardize him
stop thinking of everyone else
Let your life unfold
if it does it does
sometimes things just don't work exactly right
I guess you're right. I'm just so scared.
He's changed his habits so much to fit mine
Or, the replicate josh
To
You guys are both telling me that if the situation is unstable, leave. But Jesus it will be such a mess.
It will be
it will be awful
but
I did it. Still talking it out but I think he understands.
Great.
It's done. We will pretend for the sake of looks, for now.
Hm?
We are done. As in single. Broken up.
I know but the last part?
We don't want our families to know
oh ok.
I see.
Because everyone involved would be upset
That's true.
How are the both of you?
Does it honestly feel that much different?
It feels peaceful.
Good
Hold me down by MCS
Is playing
So appropriate
Dude I'm so satisfied
Trevor helped me so much with residual issues
He keeps saying Chris is "lazy and weird"
Wondeful
Trevor is just as weird haha
But lazy, no
Hahaha yes
He also says
Josh is trying to replace jeni with me
Which is valid
So enjoying the cure right now
A forest,  live
MMMMMM
Oh god yasssss
help
matts god damn stupid chameleon is dying again
jesus fuck
text him and help him 304-546-9208
I CANT DEAL WITH THIS
it is at like the bottom of the cage
it looks like it has a broken leg
Dude I don't know what to do I have work D:
He's done this lol
It totally looks like MBD
Yep probably is then. Dude Chris woke up and told me he loved me and went back to sleep. I can't stop crying.
Can we pretty please hang out after work?
Sure
Thank you. I'm a half wreck right now.
I have to stay out of the house
Just to keep my mind clear
dude trevor got fired sort of
the point being that he's gone
im so lonely D:
What
What did he do
he got too many occurences and told them he was leaving at the same time that they wanted him gone lol
so he sort of got fired
but dude
wallow in misery with me
Noooo
help me
why do i feel so bad
i had to overdraft my account for gas this morning
i am so depressed
we dont have a house picked out and i need to sell a shit ton of geckos
Don't waste anymore money on anything. Just save save save
I'll help you find a house
Chill
it's not just for me though
it's for me and kendall and chris
at least, for now
Have none of you looked?
CVhris and I are the only ones working on it, I don't think you understand how much money we need to even be accepted
im selling geckos
trevor says i need my own gecko bank account because chris doesnt do any work on them and still shares the money i make
but i guess technically some of them are his so we would have to split them up or something.
i think im selling some geckos today
about to make 500 in sales
if i can do that, i will be calmer
dude like, if you feel better, please talk to me lol
i have no one
I mean okay
Just at a loss for words today
Not sure what to say
I mean, I guess you went threough what Chris did
except I actually told him what was happening
So you can't be on my side loil
I am not on anyone's side
I am not going to be a part of this
lol
Doesn't look like anyone is. I guess I'll just be getting over myself then.
I can be your friend and support you, but I literally have exhausted myself emotionally trying to help you work these things out. I'm not being mean, I just don't have the ability to keep up with the drama dude
It gives me anxiety attacks
Okay
Sorry for the drama
it's okay. Don't worry about it. Just try and relax. I know that's impossible but try and let your mind drift to other things
How are you doing dude?
Any better?
im pretty okay
just bad nerves
That's good. Any gecko buyers?
maybe.  if all goes well i sold 300 dollars ingeckos but i have to get confirmation and even then the people could drop out before they meet me.
im okay i think
im just adjusting to being "alone"
The chameleon is dying in from of me..its very sad lol
dude...you guys have got to stop getting chameleons.  if i cant handle one, matt probably cant either lol
It's dying of a calcium deficiency
My mom got all god damn defensive when I said I wasn't shocked
Like how could I assume matt would kill it
hahaha jesus
i mean
was he giving it calcium?
how often?
He hasnt
That's the thing
He just
I'm going to say it is probably also dehydrated because he doesn't have a proper misting system.
Stopped
that's weirdly irresponsible of him? or is it? haha
dude, its almost time for me to escape this desk hell
Hesk dell
hahaha
chris is being totally normal and actually helping me somewhat.
HOOD
Also
GOOD
and i think i figured out a large part of my mental issues just a minute ago. my mom has been sending me photos of stuff i made as  a kid in school with weird captions about how much she loves me, and its making me violently disgusted.  i think  my reaction to people who love me is to push them away if i feel they get too close, because i dont want to be owned by them like she owned me.
Maybe. Or maybe it's just a simple as you don't like closeness. It's uncomfortable
I don't know dude, I almost feel like I just got bored?  Also I felt trapped.
I don't know what happened.
Trapped sounds accurate
Right now, we are going to have to get a 2 bedroom when we move because that's all we can afford, until we get some paychecks.  and that means if i want, i can move out into my own place.
but i want to go to therapy first
because i think i may be too codependent to live on my own
Good thinking
chris is kind of like, we can be as connected and close as you feel comfortable with
just sort of snapped on my mom
she sent one too many photos
Oh my haha
so when i ask her to stop sending them, she decides to send even more
this woman is killing me
insnide
inside
That's scary
yes it is dude
she is the reason
i cant have relationships
im afraid of being consumed
she just sent me a fuckin 9 second long voice message
instead of typing
I HATE HER
That's super odd
So weird
i will always resent her
for what she has done to me
i wont be free until she is dead
and thats really upsetting
That was really #bold
it's just a conclusion ive come to
over the years
A #bold one
jesus lolol
i saw this thing
that said
#blessed
the kids in music class were asking how to play hashtag F
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
josh sent it to me
lolol
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGGAGAGA
Hahahahahahahahaha
Hashtag f
hahahahaha
yes
i was like NOOOOOOO thats so sad
but seriously
thats fucking hilarious
my mom is scaring me at this point so im definitely coming over after work haha, then at somer point i have to go by her house and pick up the bullshit she NEEDS to give me
actually i have to go home, fuck.  im sorry.
otherwise ill miss out on our last food, and i need to pick up clothes from my mom, plus my gas is on E and i have no money
*kill me*
not really, ive got this
ok
Were you asleep? Lol
No
FUG U 2 DUDE
HAHAHAHA
gauge
LOLOOOL
how is it go
Fine, watching parks and rec, the perfect life distraction
Chris trigger.
Lololol
I love tom haverford
me 2
The swiss army accountant
Ben Wyatt
Wen buy it
Ha ha ha ha
heyyyy
buddy
Hi
talk me through this day of ticket torment hahaha
iwe have a department meeting at 3:30. we NEVER have those.
not excited -.-
Ticket torment
Circus tickets with hollagraphic edges
dude FUCK those graph tickets hahaha
people get so pissed if they dont get them
I have to use money to turn on my utilities today
I hate everyone
aw D:
your money?
for your families stuff?
or your stuff?
no for my stuff
It's at such a nice amount in the bank that I don't want to touch it
or use it to live
but i must
HAHA yea dude i know those feels
i have to either pay 230 to geta  hitch put on my car, or used my dad's van, and then drive it back up here after i unpack
im NOT happy about moving -.-
I know :/
bvut i am at the same time
what is the date your'e moving again? I really wish I could help
well our last day here is the 15th but i dont know what day we're moving, we are still working on getting a shitty little apartment rented so we can save uip and get a nice condo after a few months
we would be getting a condo now, but kendall has no money and is a shit person
i mean look at it this way
you'll still have a slightly larger income
which will be worlds of helpfullness
i know dude im really excited about that part
but I am going to cbus on the 15th but I'm coming back
just the moving part im worried about
because we have no house right now
so If it's not ON the 15th I can help you move
okay we may enlist your assistance then lol.  we have to come back to chas after we get down there anyways
I am a pro at moving. I have done it about 11 times. I helped kelleys dad move yesterday. I am very #efficient and #strong
I am not #strong
hahaha well im glad someone there will be
i may have trevor help too
or not
he hates chris
im helping trevor move sunday, and he specifically told me he doesnt want chris to help hahaha
enough to be a bad friend and not help
no, he would help
but chris knows
and it would be awkward
who cares
you can use all you can get
haha
yes true
forget all this drama
USE THEM ALL
lolol
it's a waste or energy
it is dude
im so done with it
im fine now
good good
ive been talking to josh a minimum of what i have to
so like, 5 messages a day maybe
HAHA
well, he's playing "head games"
and trying to be distant
so im letting him
lol
this is all he has in life
yeah
i'd let him too
this morning i was just like, hey, let me know if we're hanging out later because im not going to talk to you during work
hahaha
and of course he said "im not sure, i may have plans, ill let you know"
idiot
he has no life
LIAR
i know dude
like
it irritates me
because i know he's lying
i guess someone technically COULD ask him to go do something before the end of the day
but jesus lol
i made the mistake of telling him i got into his head
and now he is trying to play games too
fuck
love games
im old gregg
HAHAHAHA
i forgot that
for a little bit at least
old gregg always returns
either way, im going to trevor's after work so he can fill my tire up with air
because he reminded me that i need air
and chris would never remind me of that
is that what they call it now
hahaha
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
christ
Is your tire flat?
no, but low on air
cigs
SIP SIP SIPPIN ON SOME SIZZURP
lolol are you?
or just
peelz
i am not
just peelz
peeeelzzz
im sorry lolol
so dude like
im confused
and dont know what to do
help meh for a sec
tell me
okay so, chris has gotten over himself totally and is fine with the idea of us just living together as we always have
ok
too fine with it, and now he thinks we can just have sex whenever
but
should i do that?
i dont know
Here's the thing.
You can. It's no ethical problem. IF you can keep from getting too emotionally involved and he can as well. Which I question. It's a little too raw right now for that I think
okay, that's sort of what i was thinking.  but like, it wasnt uncomfortable.  he didnt start with the "i love yous" or anything.  and afterwards we just went to sleep.
so, i think he understands
I miss having sex with anyone. You're like deciding who to have sex with, and I have the choice of no one hahaha
you are literally DECIDING among CHOICES
hahaha
i know dude it's so weird.  the reason being is everyone at TM has wanted to have sex with me for 2 years, and now im single, and there's literally a frenzy dude
a fucking frenzy
martin figured out im hooking up with josh
which i knew he would
but hoped he wouldnt
also, my new haircut is like
josh's hair at its longest point
he and i have the same fucking hair type
so of course i bleach it and it looks like his hair
i hate myself
josh is a fedora and his hair is very fedora
you are now fedora
god no please stop
hahaha
he never even wears afedora
transative property
its a baseball cap
he doesn't have to
most of the time
HAHA
fedora is a state of mind
HAHAHAHA
IM DYING
do you even m'lady?
HAHAHAHAHAHHAA OH MY GOD
looooooool
but dude im so upset about martin knowing
im such an idiot
i forgot he would even care, but he has been like interrogating me
psychoanalyzing me
and he figured it out
because i said i was not having sex with trevor
and there was only one person left
-.-
if he tells anyone
everyone will know
that would blow
for josh i guess
im leaving
haha
he just doesnt want to look like a fucking pedophile
too late for that dude
hahahahaha
if he was like a young, healthy looking guy in his late 30s ir wouldn't look so weird
but he very much looks like he's in his late 30s
haha
dude he is!  trevor says he doesnt look old.  and he really doesnt.
he just has days where his face does
if he looked 40 i wouldnt be interested
he's almost there
HAHA
godo thing you're moving
haha
jesus dude
here is trevor's theory
he has this "all figured out"
jesus
its a conspiracy
no he doesn't
but go ahead
obviously
hahahahahaha
but he thinks josh is trying to replace his ex with me so he can move on with his life.  that's why he keeps showing me photos of his ex.
also, that's why he is continuing to see me after i move
because he probably will move to VA too
to be quite honest
martin said that too
without prompting from me
i wouldnt admit to anything
I'm trying so hard to still care about anything josh says or does but I just caaaaannnnttt. I'm so bored with him. I don't even HAVE a theory because I am just removed haha
He's SOOOOOO
SOOOO
PREDICATBLE
tell me about your feelings about not caring because you havent really explained that to me lol
Like I'm just bored of inserting myself into your issues with chris and josh. It's the same thing over and over and I'm bored because I've said the same thing over and over. You should be bored too lol
but there is no more issue between the two or connecting the two.
i dont know, im sorry
just cant talk to anyone else about this
literally no one else
I know
I get that
BELIEEEEEEEEEEEE'''''' me
hahaha
trust 'n' belie
wings
i think what you meant is
"waaangz"
tip toe wangzzz\
HAHAHA
pizza hoot wangz
chris keeps trying to get me to watch orange is the new black
and it has like
everything that makes me uncomfortable in it
and i dont want to
lololol
It's a really good show. It's really well written.
ive heard that
Chris would hate it. He's a racist.
he likes it, he's seen it
probably all the tits
TITS N ASS
That's probably why he likes it.
It's A LOT about the prison industrial complex, black culture, gay culture, and stuff like that
subtle commentary on social justice issues
that's why it's so critically acclaimed
it's also funny
hahaha
hahaha i figured thats about what it was
ive already dummed it up in my head
i have to watch it though
yeah
i stupidly promised i would
like 2 weeks ago
when my word mattered
I'm guessing (with my superiority complex) that chris is appreciating irt for the wrong reasons which kind of bugs me
WATCH IT ANYWAY
The girl from that 70s show is in it
*tits and ass*
hahaha
*sex*
i saw the first 10 minutes of episode one
it was uncomfortable
but funny
I HATE jason biggs
HATE HIM
why am i so uncomfortable with sex.
makes no sense
also i watched american pie hahaha
I hate him
he's very jewy
very very jewy
loololol
with an uppity attitude
almsot waspy
WASPY
hahahaha
like aspie but
with WASPS
my tattoo is almost healed
perfectly
the new method works
use cellophane
for the first 3-4 days
dude there's a documentary on die antwoord
that you HAVE tro watch
it shows how ninja started
and then yolandi came in
called what
he had like 5 different alter egos
and finally found the right one
i dont know
chris found it
you see yolandi looking normalish
hahaha
can you eat food again or?
lolol
basically. I mean I eat it slowly to avoid the back of my mouth but I can eat
how healed are you? im just making sure youre not going to hate your life for 2 months haha
I had indian food yesterday
oh noice
so
pretty healed
haha i was gon say
"so"
"pretty healeD"
you beat me to my words mikel
i ded hoonder
hoonder
hounder
haunder
hondo
houter
hahaha
hyundai
these are all perfectly fine replacements for my name
donatas
hyundai "accent"
"Whoever thought of meatloaf sandwich with next days meatloaf was genius lol"
GROSS
hahaha
everyone keeps sharing this video of this dog doing parkour with his owner
and all i can think of
is that dog's intestines
getting mangled
OH NO
hahaha
Frank: "OH NO"
*surprised glazed over eyes*
chris just failed his learner's...again....
jesus
did he study
...yes....
hes so upset
oh no...
dude the other day
i had to tell him
how to address an envelope
I failed it twice but I didn't study at all
haha
and i was like
omg
OH NO
hes retarded
OH NO
is exactly what i said
okay to be fair
the questionsh bes telling me he failed on
are stupid hard
shit ive never even heard of
oh nevermind, he's so dumb he was just studying online and never even got the book to read
his own damned fault
The book is necessary
he said there is a three week wait time on getting th ebook -.-
-Hunter Armstead
Social Media Specialist
Ticketmaster
is that your email signature
yes hahaha
except
i type it every time
lolol
one time i accidentally typed "specialsit"
barrett got so pissed
hahahahaha
hahahahahahahahahahaaha
specialsit
yes
hahahahahahahaha
i still laugh about it
that sounds like a pokemon sex position
HAHAHAHA
IT DOES
its almost 2 o clock
and i get to leave at 7:30
so it's almost almost time for me to leave
if you wanna get technical about it
that is pretty technical
i know dude, anything to make it seem anything other than the 5 hours it actually is
5.5 hours
if we're being really technical
lolol
there's a turtle living in a mud hole at the end of the parking lot
her name is tip tuip
i want to go check on her
do it
i did
she is in water
her shell is a beach
of foreign land
i think The Scret is just a way to get people to be manipulative while allowing them to think they have sopecial mind powers
the secret?
that book?
yeah
it's a crock of hot shit
yes hahaha my mom loves it
it's awful
and it's just like
acting like something is already yours
is a way of manipulation
of people around you
It's pesudoscience
it is
it does nothing for anyone
it MAY work sometimes, by chance, and if it does, it's not The Scret
it's the same mind games that conspiracy theroaists use
hahahaha
the same kind of "convincing"
people will see the patterns theyre looking for
it's psychological torture
EXACTLY
i was telling chris about that last night
false patterns
its so interesting
you can totally fool someone just by misdirecting their beliefs
they think one thing and are looking at A, while you do B
and they dont notice
This is part of an awesome documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TELiwR0Olk
It's a psychologist talking about the psychology of a conspiracy theorist
hahaha well i cant watch anything at work
so you hsould tell me about it
I know
lol
as a
brain doctor
lolol
in return i will give you a thorough lesson in genetics
if you so please
hahahahaha
as if
you dont knowe
already
ok this is interesting like
Im rewatching
and I'll quote some stuff to you
kayz
they call it a "monological belief system"
It's like
schizophrenic delusions but less severe
With schizophrenia
Obviously the president is not watching you and that car is not an FBI agent
but can you prove it?
That is the point hahaha
HAHA
true
like
you cant DISPROVE them
you cant say it DOESNT exist
or it ISNT true
so it must be
Yea
here are some characteristics
they tend to be more mistrusting
obviously
they have an authoritarian personality
they actually are more willing to follow strong leaders
and blame certain groups on their problems
trevor hahahahahah
locus of control is big
it means
how much you think your life is in your own destiny
ohhhh so these people believe they totally control their lives
maybe i am one of them
Late for work---high internal locus thinks it's their own fault for eating a big breakfast, not accounting for the traffic....low internal locus of control would blame the traffic, the toaster for toasting too slow, everyone else. EXTERNALIZING the cause of the issue
ohhh okay.  i definitely blame myself lol
as far as these people are concerned they arent in control of anything
ah i see
so they think
i.e. 9/11 truthers
all these people are DOING THINGS to them
high levels of anxiety
9/11 truthers
created by 9/11
just hearing that
the truther theory
made me laff
is a nice alternative to an unpleasant world
or uncertain rather
yea dude hahahaha like if you ever want to get on an airlane again, just convince yourself the government did it so it wont happen again
right
Okay
this experiment: The  researchers got the participants to think about the global economic situation. about how they have no control over the money market, investment, ect. When people were asked do they believe in conspiracy theories, they were more likely to when fed this information intended to make them feel "powerless"
these people tend to have an issue with feeling "uncontrol"
sso the two vulnarabilities
are a low locus of control and a sense of powerlessness
high anxiety related to the powerlessness
humans think like this: situational based on the context, or dispositional based on broad character weeps
Your friend crashes his car: 
Situational-->bad weather
dispositional-->it was the other drivers fault he was awful
this is called fundamental atteribution
focusing on context is basically really hard
we always tend towards dispositional becuase it's easier
especially in situations with high emotion
conspiracy theorists are more likely to make sweeping generlizations rather than seeing each element
(effortless thinking)
then it's hard to switch back to thinking contextually
FINALLY
THE CONFIRMATION BIAS
tendency to hold on to information that agrees with yours and ignore information that disagrees with yours
wow haha i love the way you laid that out for me, i totally understand
and yep, now i can see it
no matter what you say, the theorist dismisses you
ALSO
the social identity aspect
Millions believing the same thing. They're all scared.
Social identity: we all have identities we cling to that our self esteem depends on
wait so...how does this tie into bigfoot? are those people just really afraid of bigfoot? lolol
These different identities form the sum of us
i like the idea of social identity
EX:
Attacking a 9/11 truther about their beliefs, is basically an attack on part of their identity. Calling a part of them INVALId. They ARE a TRUTHER
so they tend to not be open to new suggestions
yea dude that's why i never fight trevor
AND THIS MAKES SO MUCH SENSE
LET ME EXPLAIN
lok haha
the other day he said he doesnt like chris because chris gets "violent" in the conversations when he argues trevor's logic
bbut im thinking, NO he does not
trevor just sees chris attacking HIM
n ot his beliefs
OHHHH
even though he's not
trevor is the summation of a conspiracy theorist
HAHA yes
Chris was unknowingly attacking his identity
i have to tell chris that hahahaha
that conformation bias thing is real important
there can be so much evidence on something
but if there's like one or two papers completely disproving it
those are obviously correct
lol
hahaha
yea like
trevor WILL NOT believe vaping is not bad
he told me
the reason chris is being like this
IS BECAUSE HE VAPES TOO MUCH
trevor has a HUGE confirmation bias based on the NYT newspapaer article
HUGE
HES TAKING TOO MUCH VAPOR TO THE DOME
trevor has taken too much pot to the pot
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
also
too much paint
paint pot
OH YEAH
lolz
kelley and i were talking about that
I figured
he was so paranoid about talking about graffiti
because of paint inhalation
also
that's why he's always paranoid
haha
most likely.  he probably didnt realize that paint kills your brain until he starting looking into conspiracies because of his need to feel safe
and then he was like
OH NO
HAHAHAHA
AHAHAHAHAHA
also, chris says
chemtrails are just giant government sky mods
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
jesus looooool
see this is why we need to talk
hahaha
hm?
just, the laffs
and the ideals
(ideas)
yesh
chris' mom says
"i have an ideal"
and i want to puncxh myself
dude his mom is like
borderline retarded
she is SO DUMB
oh no
hahaha
dude
people keep trying to buy Syrup
and im like
WHAT PART OF NOT FOR SALE DONT YOU UNDERSTAND
SHE IS MY DAUGHTER IN GECKO FORM
FUCK OFF
dude im not even going to breed her for a long time
i have a weird connection with that gecko
what if i thought
aliens
were interferring with my breeding exsperiments
when i go to bed
theyre fucking my shit up dude
so i guess im taking my drug test when i get to VA
on the 18th
so i need to be there on the 17th
lol
there we go, progress!
jesus christ that meeting was miserable
lol
and pointless
so I have my gas, electricity, insurance and now I'm doing internet and phone
THIS IS STRESSFUL
THAT'S SO AWESOME
YOURE SO CLOSE
TO BEING
ON YER OWN
basic cable and 20mbps internet seems pretty good for 70 bucks. right?
yea for sure
we dont have cable
and we pay that
haha
HAHA
i just had to sit in a conference room beside josh's work station for an hour. im sweating bullets.
i cant even make eye contact at work
its sos cary'
i really want to be done working here hahaha
i think martin told my boss dude
why?
how?
because barrett came over and was talking to me, being super nice
and then he was like "you walk around like a different person, what happened? i love your new hair"
and my heart just sank
i dont want people to know =/
if you're embarrassed by it why are you doing it lol
because it is supposed to be very privileged information.  and im not so much embarrassed for myself as i am him.  of course i want to hook up with a supervisor.  but for him to be with a 20 year old agent is odd.
I just don't understand the thrill of doing things you aren't supposed to be doing by "definition"
I'm boring in that way
im not doing it because im not supposed to
i like josh, believe it or not hahaha
i dont do this intentionally
i know
but you like that aspect
i like the secrecy, of course.  it's very private.  it's like a world that no one else is aware of.
until now i guess. im assuming the worst of course. barrett could not know.
i guess i just discovered how easy it is to change your reality
you just have to be a different person, and things change
yep
I've never changed
i think im pretty much the same though.  just less caring? or maybe more evil.
dont know.
Your desire to be this "evil" person is sometimes offputting dude. Like it's almost as if you want to be seen as less caring or evil, when in fact you care a lot and have never been evil
I don't get it lol
I mean based on how much we talk
I'd say that you are a compassionate caring person
WAIT
WAIT
EXPLANATIOn
BECAUSE OF YOUR DYNAMIC WITH CHRIS AND YOUR MOM
you are interpreting taking charge of your life and doing what pleases you negatively
hence "evil"
well shit.  youre right.
ive always seen people like me as evil
because i was jealous
of their freedom
It's not evil
It's independence
well thank you for making me feel better about it, once again hahaha
*champion*
BECAUSE HE'S THE CHAMPION OF DOGS
i am
yis.
cshf
wut
so my mom had my xanax and had lost them for like all week
i was gonna take one after my surgery
I have been takign ativan
SO
they were found today
and combined with the hydrocodone
omg help me
hahahaha
dude
youre so high
im so jealous
but to be honest, ive lost my craving for opiates
havent even tried looking for them
gamecube nintendo
I HAVENT
ahaha
you crazy
there is a bad taste in my mouth and a spider in my brain
-bill maher
oh god lololol
you know who i hate
who
do
u
h8
biill maher
HAHA
bill maher shamma
DMD
wyou seem very politically...balanced
and you hate extremeists either way
Here's why: They're all capitalists.
agreed.
its a marketable image.
Anyone in Americas political spectrum who is extreme either way
I hate
Bill maher is a walking contradiction though
he's like "I'm liberal complain complain complain"
but also
HAHAHA
"RANDOMLY SEARCH ISLAMIC PEOPLE ON AMERICAN STREETS"
WHOA bill
settle down now
Obama is a corporate bitch too
sucking on the ever flowing teat of 100 wall street
I am ranting
help
hahahaha i sat down at my desk and saw "obama is a corporate bitch"
and i just started laughing
Salads
remember when I said I had taken xanax and vicodin earlier
about that time
i Lost the car keys
and have not found them
I'm this close to being killed by my mother
Hahahahahahahahahahahahhahahaaha
I'm sorry
Loooooooool
my mom has to take a cab to work
I am the worst
I'm so sorry D:
mikel
im going to gabes today
4 shews
mikel
mikel
mikel
Sorry am busy
okayz
hey dude
Sup bra
Not a lot dude. What are you up to
are you still there?
Sorry lol
Just got home a bit ago
Waddap witchoo
nuffin
where'd ya go? haha
Jersh's herse
Hermmmm i seeeeee *smokes pipe with suspicion*
how'd *that* go
Well
I swear I heard an "I love you" but I'm choosing to ignore it and think I'm crazy
But you could say "things are getting pretty serious", except I'm moving in two weeks.
So you can't.
HAHA
Hahahahaha
Well sounds like you had a splendid # epoch
Hahahaha epoch
I need to talk to you about somethin dude, it's not like awful or bad, you're just my bestfriend and I owe you the conversation
Okee dokee tell me
Keep in mind that this is personal, and obviously you won't discuss this with josh or chris but I'm just typing to reaffirm that
haha
I am discussing it with no one. Trust n believe.
I DO
Hahaha
GO
So here it goes: I've kind of always known this a little bit, but a lot of things recently of helped bring me to this conclusion and find an easier way to come to terms with it. I'm bi. I just need to say it to you to help me cope with the bullshit that has been crammed into my head my whole life. I have hated myself my entire life and I've repressed this idea and fought it. But I'm ALMOST comfortable with it, and as my bestfriend you should know.
You don't need to really respond to this in any particular way, by the way
Oh well, that's all fine and good lol. I still love you the same, and obviously its best to be comfortable in your own skin.
I could be too, to be honest.
Hahaha
I'm trying to be. And thanks. I kind of knew you would respond like that haha
But I've never wanted to be with a chick so, probably not
HAHA
Well
for me
Lolol I'm an idiot
I know what you're saying
you were trying to be like comforting or something
i dunno
haha
Of course you do lol. And no I am serious. I have found aspects of women to be attractive but never just "women"
but like I don't really have the desire to have actual sex with a guy, I've just always been attracted to certain guys. Sexually, yeah. But the idea of penetrative sex is gross to me. Even so, this thought still makes me "bi"
It's a weird thing.
That makes a lot of sense, I understand. I never suspected it but I guess I never had reason to look into it because it doesn't matter lol
I mean it's not a matter of suspicion haha it's just like, this changes nothing about me, because this has always been me. And as far as our friendship goes, no it doesn't matter. In fact, I may only be with girls for the rest of my life. I just needed to share this because I need to be comfortable with myself.
haha
Well cool haha, now I know and life goes on. Also, since we're getting personal, I see that josh left many many marks on my ass from a fucking wire clothes hanger
Also, hickeys this time and somehow bite marks on my legs. Dude is OBSESSED.
HAHAHAHAHA
Jesus
I have a fruedian theory
He wants to mark his territory so when you go home it reminds chris he doesn't have a chance
Hahahaha
Dude like
He is in love with me
Giggles like a school girl when I kiss him
Like, almost laughing hysterically
that's almost...sad
hahah
He told me he will miss me when I leave but he didn't want to say that because he didn't want to discourage me
HAHAH
AS IF
LIKE
HIM SAYING THAT
WOULD KEEP YOU
BECAUSE OF THE STRENGTH OF YOUR LOVE
Its really sweet, I think. Because all he needs is a little attention and he's happy again. I almost feel like I'm doing Ticketmaster a public service hahahahaha
omg
well
that is your utilitarian nature
I GUESS if you look at it that way
yeah you are
HAHA
benefiting everyone
hahaha
I do like him though
I can't say I don't
yeah I knwo
And I'll miss him
yeah :/
But ya know, life goes on
right i mean yeah there will be others most likely
We were supposed to continue this once I left but when I mentioned it he said something about how he will probably be gone when I come back, if he's lucky...he wants to escape WV so badly that he's delusional
Also you have to be right about the territory thing lol
hahahah
like yeah
it's excessive
I would swear on anything he accidentally said I love you...and then started repeating "your (explitive)" repeatedly to like...cover it up
He's started calling me cute and shit
that's like so sad
hahahaha
It is dude...but I'm sort of glad he won't say it because I don't want to. I do love him but in a way that doesn't make for a relationship obviously.
right
not how he
*loves* #you
Hahahaha
Its gotten so bad
Within 3 visits
He is now like
Melting in my hands
Like a kid with a crush
I don't know, I just make him a different person and he's so happy
It makes me happy to see it
i can see how that would be a good feeling though
It makes me feel a)powerful b)in control and c) loved
All things I need hahaha
hahaha
all of the things you like to need
I don't know, I know I don't have to justify anything to you but Chris gets angry if I act like I care about josh at all
And I can't just lie all of the time
I can't tell him because he doesn't understand
but chris and you are not together
who cares
He doesn't understand that me having feelings does not mean I'm going to leave him or something. I think Chris is actually afraid I would stay here.
Chris makes me promise I have no feelings for josh
But he's making me lie
So, oh well
Thats just something he shouldn't be asking me
He should know I would never get with josh officially
but as I said
why do you owe him anything at this point
haha
Well because I think we will still end up together at some point? Or do I actually think that? Am I just trying to change myself to make him happy :/
no
It's not an unreasonable belief
It makes sense
you just cant right now
you need an ACTUAL break from it
Yes, agreed.
I guess this is why I can't pretend that we're still together
Like he wants me to
I mean I can just
Not to him?
I guess so
I mean
the limits are yours to set
I know I'm just horrible at setting limits, I tend to keep giving until I'm used up
dude I saw guardians of the galaxy today. holy shit. Chris pratt is SHOCKINGLY good in it. I thought it would be so bad
I WANT TO SEE THAT
It is so funny
like it's like an action sci fi deal
but it's hilarious
yes hahaha with Bradley Cooper
YES
I need to see it
AND DR STEVE BRULE
I MEAN JOHN C REILLY
Hahahaha
Loooool
Starring andy dwyer and dr steve brule
HAHA
yes
Dude so I'm in bed and Chris is laying beside me, pouting basically
Its getting on my nerves
Lol
yikes
._.
I have to sleep with him. I had to change clothes so I didn't smell like josh so Chris didn't have a break down
wow
that is very sad
It is. Chris keeps saying josh feeling for me makes him "uncomfortable"
his comfort level is ireelevent
He makes me uncomfortable  lolol
like you are in a plutonic relationship
his opnion as a friend is valued
but his guilt tripping is garbage
his passive aggressive behavior is old
Yea hahaha. I need to call him out in the car so he knows to cut it out.
Yea do that
I certainly will. He was like checking my neck for hickeys and shit. He doesn't want me being abused -.-
Idiot
fuck that
If I didn't like what I was doing I wouldn't do it
He's dumb
WORD
he's not drawn the line yet
between together and not
because you live together
HOWEVER
he has no chocie
Yep.
he HAS to
Exactly
I'll show him hahaha
*teaching*
I have to make him chill out or he is going to go insane
haha yeahhhhh
But yea dude I need to go to bed, work in the AM
I'll ttyl bff
oh damn that sucks
NIGHT FRIEND
< 3
Nacht
hai
dude im trying to talk to chris about my boundaries and how he cant question me and stuff
and he's "agreeing"
but being short with me, and sort of rude
just, obviously not liking it
he wont even talk about it anymore
UGG
dude now he like
is talking about how he made a mistake and he cant be emotionally close to me anymore, he needs to get used to the fact that he can never be with me again
etc etc
like, worst case scenario whining
i told him he can move away from me in two months if he really wants to
i would actually like that
having my own place would be the shit
i would probably end up with room mates i actually like
that arent dicks
if i even got any room mates
Yes! Potato
Sorry just woke up
hahaha
dude do you want to do something after work?
im like
finally breaking out of the last part of my CHAINS
i need freeeeedom
for now.  when i get to VA, i need a therapist.
hey are you doing anything tonight? i need to help trevor with moving in the morning so if i end up passed out on your couch it owuld be convenient lol
Come over am have dinner with me after work. You can stay over
yayyy. i have to go home and sell my anoles for a measly 100 dollars to some girl, and get some junk out of my car, and then i can come over
Awesome. I am feeling so awesome for the first time In. I'm not sure how long. We need to hangout today so as not to waste it
YES I AGREE
can we go like
have fuin
and do stuff together
i dont even know what
hahaha
i don't really have any money i can spend
i have about 700 dollars out of this check im able to save, and i need to put it all towards getting us an apartment because we leave in 2 weeks and dont have anywhere to go yet =/
Well you don't need money
I'm going to the store to get delicious food and we will watch movies and Ron Swanson
Yessss thank you
Best Fran
Duh always
yes homie
yo dj hi tek
lets fuck aroun wiff summa dat ol feel good gansta shit
would you wanna see guardians of the galaxy again? haha
if not , i totally understand
i have no one to go with
im *alone*
I'll think about it!  I just have work at 7 am tomorrow hah
I have to get up probably early and help trevor so i understand lol.  he gets up at like 6 every morning
Just got wasabi ginger chips
oh no
YOUR WOUNDS
so, i just talked to martin for a bit in the car, and he has known josh for like 10 years
and he had some insight haha
he said he is like, truly crazy
and clingy
and shit
which, i am learning
hahaha
meanwhile, chris has "buried himself in his work", and asked me not to talk to him
because he is so
*damaged*
I am going to prepare the most immaculate feast. I have grocery store mania
I LOVE YOU
THANK YOU
I I have fancy dressings and pastas and I'm making the salad myself
yessssss
*pray to elohim*
I think we've earned it. You're covered in wounds
HAHAHA
i am
so dude haha i think chris is staying at our coworkers' house.
at least tonight
if you party at mi casa
we could do that
but
you have to work
so i understand if not
I mean yeah I have to work...
totally fine broseph
i have to get up early too anyways
You're off at 7 right?  Or is it 730? Lol
7:30 but then i have to go home and take someone a tank of anoles lol
so i can be over at like 8:30
i believe
"Its colledge move in month omg my life is about to change can't wait to meet new people and say good buy to old ones it will be hard but I'm ready goodbye west Virginia .. hello north Carolina"
Marks right
Hahahahahahahaha
i lol'd myself all over the place
dude today is flying by, i cant wait to leave and get this anole shit over with
im just trying to sell everything i can
help me, im listening to borgore
what is my life
HAHA
seriously dude lolol
i have refreshed FB like 89 times
nothig is new
im going to die
and i have to go to lunch with chris -.-
he is killing me inside lol
martin told me i need to move out and stay somewhere until i move so i dont get stabbed in my sleep
hahaha
i dont think hes that crazy
almost time to go hoooome
Just hubng out with bella for like three hours
whaaat
how was that?
yeaa
It was nice. We talked a lot and I helped her figure out some school stuff.
I got like weirdly teary on the way to the car even though I didn't want to
I kind of held it together
I need alcohol
ahahahahaha
good job, you get a gold star for emotional stability.  but half of one because of the drinking hahaha
i dont have alcohol =/
martin thogh
haha
he will be at work
and wants to hang out possibly
Whatever dude
I just need wine
like sad alcohol
he's cool, youll like him in a comfortable setting
you know
opkay
hahaha
he'll do it
fo sho
I'm Marias fucking driver tonight so I won't be home for pile 30 minutes
That's fine lol I have to meet the girl with my anoles
Hey what size and type of wine do you want? Chris is gonna front you for it
White and A LOT
Hahaha okay
Do you have cash? How much should I spend? I can just get you a box of white wine lol
Spent whatever. I got you
Okay lol
Getting yer stuff and dropped Chris at home
On Mai way
I'm herr
Find a way to get this box of wine lol
Just bring it in
Okay lol
hey
Hey broffa
I'm at da movies in Huntington
HAHA what?
Josh wanted to take me to see guardians but of course no one from work can see us, so we went to Huntington
If you thought his laughter was bad, try dealing with it in a thwatre
Theater
#killme
Well worth it
I love That movie
LOVE
ITS SO GOOD
I AM GROOT
I LOVE IT
I AM, GROOT
HAHAHA GROOT MEANS GREAT IN AFRIKAANS
you say it "hroot'
I learned that by google yesterday
Yes
Hahaha
hahahaha
Awesome
Back to da movie, bai
BYE
Heya
I wish you were awake for some help with issues even though I know you're tired of my issues lol
im having martin talk to chris...this is my last line of defense against his delusions
martin can talk sense into somebody better than anyone
I am drinking more of that wine
with ice
I feel like an old spinster
hahaha dude we drank on boxed wine for WEEKS
I'm like yum
chris found his biological father
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
nice segue
HAHAHA
thank you
he wants to meet him
or like
so a couple of things
get a photo of him
we need to touch base on things
first
I've basically been not listening to your chris situation the past couple of days
what exactly is the situation with chris, moving, ect
also
how did he find his biological father
-.-
man come on haha
I've been on my phone. Haven't been on the computer. IT'S A LOT TO KEEP UP WITH YOUR LIFE IS A WHIRLWIND
basically chris has come to terms with things, i think. he told me that when we get to VA if i cant stand him, he'll move out.
Ok fair enough
i will deal with whatever i have to in order to get thre VA beach
then, i want to move out
Word
by myself
We are starting new lives in places far from here
we are
how is all of this coinciding
I keep reconnecting with friends from wvu though and now it's sad for me
but time to start over
our lives OFTEN coincide
they OFTEN do
dude
speaking of your time with bella
i spent 3 hours with shayn this evening
and had some really hreartfelt conversation with him
about life in general, and him getting better, and me moving on
that's awesome
I got SUCH closure from talking to bella in person
yes dude...i just hugged him forever, and he said "hunter i love you and i always will", and it felt SO GOOD to know what he meant by that, now that i can understand that love comes in many forms
then he started singing "you got a friend in me"
of course
that's fucking weird (that last part) but whatever works for him
hahahaha
*insane*
it was hilarious
hahahahaha
I will totally always love bella in some way
maybe not like I did
but in some way
some type a way
right, totally.  there are many types of love. i love you, chris, shayn, trevor, and josh...each in a different way
isnt that crazy?
lol
I AM CHUGGING THIS WINE SO I CAN GO TO BED GIGGLY AND DRUNK
hahahaha
dude i do love you some type of way
there are so many undefinable loves
i dont see why it always had to be defined
for people to enjoy it
so like
someone on tumblr just gave me an ask that says "you are cute as a button" and that never happens
Neither of those things happen
maybe I seem more confident or something
THE ALCOHOL IS BUBBLING IN MY VEINS
hahahaha
bubbly
today I read six 'avatar the last airbender' graphic novels
are you serious
hahahaha
LOSER
much more sensual than I expected
but WHATEVA
television on, channel nbc
amazing
I give you
"voice activation"
TV ON
voice activation or VOAC
UN MUTE
WHAT
hahahahaha
my friends at the dea say these guys have a high volume of cocaine
chris heres my laptop pinging as is like, damn dude
LOW VOLUME
come on
hahaha
TV MUTE
yer drunk
I am reciting the 30 rock that is happening to me
looool
happening to you
CHRIS SENTY ME
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY SAVE THEIR FRANZIA FOR MUPTIPLE OCCASIONS
dude i sawlololol
i keep fucking spilling wine all over my clothes
SHOOT HIM IN THE THROAT AND LET THE DOGS EAT HIM I DONT CARE
WHAT WHATS WRONG WITH YOU
SEXY PREGNANCY PHOTOS
WHAT
WHAT IS AHPPENING
HAHAHAAHAH
dude so
only you can see what I'm sayin right
like you are on yout laptop
I CAN GET YOU INTO A RESTARAUNT WHERE YOU CAN WATCH A CHILD PLAY WITH A BUNNY AND THEN EAT THE BUNNY
no im alone hahaha
chris cant see
so like
I forgot what I was gonna say
oh yeah
So chris tried tinder I think and it didn't work
I was like "chris should make a tinder"
literally i said these to you
and he does
hahahaha
what
you know who isn't funny
yakov smirnoff
I JUST RECIEVED SOMETHING
in my EMAIL
it was a congratualtions
from tumnblr
for posting one thousand times
fuck
I have a condition
it's "wine belly"
wait
hold on
obtained from drinking too much wine too fast.
what were you saying about chris
that i couldnt show him
i dont understand
lololo\
I DONT EVEN KNOW/CARE
hahahaha
okayden
im schmokin weed
okayhen
hen taste
ill be out of it soon
then im detoxing for a mouth swab test lol
do you have a neck pillow, i blew mine up and it smells like my mouth
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
this week come over with me and drunkenly watch 30 rock
i will!! you pick da night and im dere
I'll pick it
*silver panther*
lpolol
panfer
not only is your fly open, there's a pencil sticking out of it
I am laughing with glee/hunger
I need a cereal bad
r
you weirdo
ew
hahaha
I am pro bbq wings
anti rockabilly
i'm a business man
rockabilly
not an air marshal
no you're  a businessmun hunter
you sell lizrds
hahahahaha
i am business
i am fashion
if fashion is just v necks from urban outfitters
if not I don't even know what I am
whats so bad about being canadian
your milk comes in bags
rich people
done drinking
lower body is numb
HAHAHAHAHA
jk still drinking
that spewing of word vomit
i am vomit
HAHA
is going to nags head
with the girls
hi facebook!
you have to stop bombarding me with words
please
hahahaha
I think someone asked me to have a three way with them today and I think I said yes
My cereal is spiraling out of control
IS THIS ONE OF THOSE STUPID MTV SHOWS
NO NOT GALS ON THE TOWN AGAIN
ONE OF THEM HAS TO BE ASIAN, CAN THEY BE GOOD AT THEIR JOBS
STOP
PLEASE
hahahahahaha
I can't
i cant keep upo
dont have a three way
that's just awkwarfd
Talk to me about someone
okay
um
Not for me
shayn said he wants to marry ashley
and have kids with her
HAHA
he can't marry
i swear
he said sometimes when she walks in the room he starts crying
because he loves her so much
she'll have to take those special antivirals and parinatal vitamins that moms with HIV take
wait help me
did josh just ask me out to the next christmas party
i cannot tell
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hold on
i said
lets see thit
That party was crazy.  Too bad it's the only one I'll have gotten to enjoy.
They seem like fun affairs.
thats what i said to him
he responds with
You could be someone's date
why do you need a date to the chrismas barty at ticketmaster at the temple thing
well i couldnt go there
without a date
because i wouldnt work there anymore
spoiler
that is so lame that he sad thar
it truly is
but
you need to go ona *date*
for *christmas*
wit
wait
im so sorry
i mean, im not even sure that's what he's suggesting
i just read that
oh it's suggestive
it is suggestive
there are suggestive themes in play
hahaha
rated t for teen
i told him
i said
HAHAHAHA
something like
"i hope when i leave, when i come back that you dont just skip town"
and he said something like
"i wont"
"what? no! thats not what this is."
"baby"
"kiss me in the rain"
HAHAHAHA
"this is more than just sex"
"no its not"
he isnt really overly weird like that though
"hurt me"
"lets cuddle"
he calls me pet names in the bed room
no where else
although
he holds my hand while he drives
not at work in front of barrett
HAHAHAHAHA
I am laughing so hard
YOU MONSTER
help
HAHAHAHAa
hahahahaha
oh god im dying
dude he has tourettes
i know it
also
im kind of drunk too
so im gonna say
his hair stuff
smells so fucking good
hahahahaha
its funny because it's like, vegan and kind of gross textured and smells almost cheap
but it's still [pleasant
Like I kind of like what you're sayinh right now
and I almost get it
if I imagine josh as someone else
bu i know you like josh
so he's a cool guy i guess
imagine him as someone else so you can talk about him with me
because i need to talk to SOMEONE about it
god
OH THIS IS FUN
ahahaha
OK
I CAN DO THAT
can it be whoever I want
he is actually super nice to me, and even though he is "rough" with me, he is constantly emphasizing that he would never do anything to "hurt" me and he always pays for my things because he wants me to save my money and get out of here
and yes
I'm kind of drunk to the point to where I am afraid I'm going to get on omegle and try and have a conversation with a teen
hahahahaha
pay attention to me
Okay
hundor the "ominpotent" green-brown
fug you brown is gross
today
LIsten
oh my god
okay
hahahaha
I'm going to die
oh my god
today
HAHAHAHA
I cleanred up bird shit
okay
and listen
listen
i thought it was a larvae of some kind
because it was moving
it was a bird
shitting
with a belly full of parasites
CHRIST REDEEM ME
HAHAHAHAHAHA FUCKING NASTY DUDE
EWWWWWW
your pony tail is being held up by a chip clip
i was once in an elevator with tom brokaw
loooooooooool
question
answer honestly
lets do this
ask
well, more of a statement that you have to agree with
HAHAHAHA
chris pratt was hot af in gaurdians
can i get an amen?
YES
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED THERE
HAHAHAHA
YES
HAHAHA
one of the plus sides to me
is I can be half gay best friend, half bro
so our conversations are basically limitless
I had to decide
to stay in the band
or
to take that college scholarship to study tv budgeting
HAHAHAHA I LOVE YOU
looooool
yesterdays dreams are gone but today im singing this song
hahahaha
dude so
this thing with you being bi
im not sure if i should evaluate myself
because to be honest
im not sure whast the definition of bi would be
and if i fit into that category
want me to define it
yes
because I've been reading a lot of critical theory on this lately, and it's VERY BROAD
so like
if you answer yes
to any of these
okay
help me out then haha
1) you are attracted to the same gender
2) you could be sexually intimate with your someone who identifies as your gender
3) you could be in a relationship with someone who i dentifies as your gender, whether it involves sex or not
im not sure if i like women or if i just think they are beautiful as creatures
only sometimes
it's up to you to define what you are
or how you feel
all I know
is I have felt this way since 9th grade, and because of christianity i have hated myself for years
but not I'm drunk
D:
now*
lemons
is there a sexual orientation for being attracted to evil alien lords in action films?
yes
but that's a fetish i think
HAHA
(HAHAHA LOL)
okay, that's me then
I like people with power!
I am really drunk
so I feel like saying things
im pretty drunk too
lol
so like
say all the things
You know what lead me to realize I wasn't straight? this is really weird and you're gonna be like what why are you kidding
(venting)
tell me!
I have had a thing for kiefer kirk since we were friends in middle school
no way lol
hes very
effiminate
yeah
I know
i didnt spell that right
hahaha
I don't care
I can't spell nowr
either
I'm floaty
i float too
hahaha
dude like
HOW
IS IT
that SHAYN wants to settle down
and i dont
he is a mess of a human being
i almost pirtyy hin
he is getting better dude
really
that's graeast
we talk on a level that he doesnt talk with other people on
he opens up to me about his addiction
and how he feels about it
and i talk to him about it
and his health
I worry about him
he was a funny guy
I mean he's  gross
but I worry about him
i worry about him a lot and im glad that he has goals somewhat
he got a job finally
helping clean and mow the horses and farm next to his house
for good money
he wants to save and get a trailer
which is a hiuge thing for him
i like
i would be fine living in a trailor
but
i'd rather have a house with a german shepherd
yes
thats my thinking on it
I am fine with whatever life offers
but I obviously would like more
me as well
i want all life can give me
ive been giving to others for so long
all i want to do now
is take
the fruit from the tree of life
i want to pluck it
and crumpch it
I just kind of am drunk
I can't imagine these metaphros
hahahaha
dude josh is sending me
industrial techno
so i definitely just got on omegle okay and then I made it so I only talked to people from email addresses that are ".edu" and what happens is dudes that just want girls to admire their dicks and it's kind of deplorable
I closed it out
HAHA
do guys not get that that's not what girls like to do
i NEVER use video sites like that
they scare me so miuch
hahaha
I don't really either
but now I want to
However
I am not a female looking to admire cocks online
OH WAIT THOSE DONT RELALY EXIST
ANYWAY
STUPID INTERNET
HUMANS ARE STUPID
you're the one who gave me those monk dvds
what
no
hahahahaha
my brother has like all seasons of monk on dvd actually
i have never watched it
i swear to god
if one more FUCKING GECKO PERSON
MESSAGES ME
IM GOING TO TELL THEM TO EAT A DICLK
i haven' neither yo
Hey I'm interested in buying a gecko
do't insult me
REALLY
FOR REAL
no
I WOULD LOVE IF YOU DID
aw =/
I'm sorry
I would if I could
I will sometime
if you have a red one with dalmatian spots
which is for realmy favorite
i have one with a billion dalmatian spots
thats going to be AMAXING
ads an adult
but it isnt red
will probably be porange
porange
pornage
*porridge
dont ever add "age"
i dont know
lolol
go now blast
I'm literally numb from drink
numb from drink
elixer
an anthropomorphic being is arising from a sleeping bag in my kitchen harbor
he is hungry]h
help
a woman with hip dysplasia
Haha
wait so question
im sorry if this is too invasive
if so, stop ,me
okay well nothing is ever invasive
ever
but he have you ever been intimate wit a dude
haha
nope I've definitely sexted a dude though. Definitely repressed it so hard that I've talked to random dudes online
OH GOD
IM TOO DRUNK
I CANT BELIEVE I SAID THAT
JESUS CHRIST
whatever actually
I don't care
caring is gone
HAHAHAHAHA i dont care dude
youve heard my stories
I know
Me neither
no holding punches
I'm so picky abboout guys though
I could NOT
NOT
be with a guy who is like really masculine
which is interesting
because I also like girls
WHAT IS GENDER
i dont know dude...ive been gender confused my entire life.  i was raised to see women (my mom) as weak and crazy and men (my dad) as the only stable thing in life
so basically, i have a very masculine personality
and i find myself often
identifying deeply with successful men
I have been reading a lot of gender philosophy stuff
guess what
gender doesn't matter as much as people tink
It's like really braod
like autism
AUTISM
blogosphere
i dont think it matters much at all and that's why ive never cared to think much about my orientation or whatever. ive always been very dude-like and ive never ignored it, i reference it sometimes.  im comfortable this way.
I like you the way you are
if you were more feminine I would be unomforble
i feel like im masculine enough to be very approachable a sa person
some girls are very snobby and intimidating
sometimes yes
but i radiate a friendly vibe
Girls can scare me a bit
I feel like all they want is to be mean to me
yea i dont like them either dude
ahahaha
looool
women are scary and cruel
i know, i am one
HAHA
im a women mikel
i am women
I no
such fear
summer of 98 i took it to a whole new level
hahahahaha
i just left and came back
what did I jsut say
what the fuck
GOD
I HATE TUMBLR
LOOK WHAT SOMEONE JUST ASKED SOMEONE ELSE
"Can we go on a date, where we go bungee jumping, but I will be nervous about it. You will just hold me and I will feel safe in your arms. And then after we will get cleaned up and ready for a nice dinner out. And end the night watching the stars on my patio next to the fire and you stealing kisses from me."
MARK DEBROVEN
I KNOW IT
HAHAHAHAHAA
HE IS A GROSS PERSON
belvedere is a word
hahaha
so tell me
who have you come out to?
are you "out"?
or sort of out?
well I've come out to three people, you being one of them
I like
I came out to kelley first, and I was like having a panic attack and couldn't stop shaking
so I started drinking
and then was like
I need to talk to hunter
thank you for telling me
is bella number 3?
no
actually I've been hanging out with joy wang because she was like one of my best friends for a couple of years, I talked to her about it third
Bella
well
here's my fear
we had a really gofo relationship
good*
she'll reevaluate
and overanalyze
and I don't want her to misinterpret what we had
because it was good
so I'm waiting to tell her
She is not very smart
i didnt know you and joy were tight like that haha
HAHAHA
she isnt very smart??
how is that
she has trouble gtaspiugn concepts. So talking to bella ABOUT this is weird
like
I said I don't want her to ereevaluate our relationship
and be like
si remember in middle school
she wanted me to explain to her
AS IF I WERE THE EXPERT FOR SOME FUCKING REASON
what masturbation was
Yep
and she wouldnt shut up about it
HAHAHAHA
I explained like 20,000 sexual thingd to her in middle school
like i was hanging out with her, and she was telling me how kiefer kirk came out to her, and I went home and like cried for an hour because he's the whole reason I realized I liked guys, and panic attacks and I HATE PANIC ATTACKS
wait
keifer is gay?>
what
Yeah
hahahaha
that makes sense, he seemed that way
but i dont like to judge people like that
like "oh hes definitely gay"
i think thats dumb
Yeah exactly
I just like
I think about high school and how I was friends with him early on, but also like how i thought of him as more than that
and then I'm like
I wish I had someone to talk to
God im drunk
I'm just typing EVERYTHING in my heaf
IM SORRY
SHUT UP
HOLD ON
i need to turn off my sounds
im going to smash my laptoip
im sorry
;lololol
okay HAHAHAHA
im sorry i just get so fucking annoyed because CHRIS IS TRYING TO TALK TO ME AND IM HAVING MORE IMPORTANT CONVERSATIONS HERE
I CANT TALK TO TWO PEOPLE AT ONCE
DONT ASK ME QUESTIONS WHILE IM TYPING
I am most portant right now because I'm drunk and I pronably wont say ANY of this sober
you are so much like alec baldwin in 30 rock hahahahaha
I LOVE YOU FOR SAYING THAT
THANK YOU SO MUCH
he is like
"fuck people, make money"
BALLIN
I realized something
I had been in a relationship for FOUR YEARS almost
yesh
I don't know how to fucking talk to epople I don't think
like how to I revert back to that mind set
that's not like
"we're getting married"
HOW DO YOU DO IT
hahahahahahahahaha
dude i have always kept my game sharp
just for this reason
all you have to do
is find someone attractive
see if they like whgat you like
if they do, talk to them about those things
bond over it
become friends
then get in their mind
make sure they thjink about you thorughout the day
ingrain yourself
I can only hope that that I have the social skills for that
I think I do
you do
dude
play on the fact that your emysterious and quiet
girls like that
be gaurded
dont let people in
then when a girl "gets past" that
she will automatically feel special
I kind of want guys to like that too. But not guys with beards. yuck
I think I can do the whole talking to girls thing
I know typically what to say to them
I can't be sober
bell
help
Dude, you have the mind as sharp as the most deadly falcon's beak
youll be fine brovva
asterisk
I hope
I am such a nerd I just don't know how to talkto people
you and I gossip like insane people about the weirdos in yur life
WHAT ELSE EXISTS
dude i love you so much for talking with me
like
thats why i went to shayns
I am glad os
because you are busy and need to work
and he doesnt
and i can babble with him too
He is silly
but youre the number one babbler
hahaha
forever
I BABBLE
I DO TOO
although because i am so "self-possessed" now, i dont babble when i dont want to
i can now restrain myself with ease
lol
are you in my email
who are you emailong
i am asleep right now
i think thats my email
for instance doing it across the bed instead of up and down
sho nuff
angie
what
jaajajaja
youre insane
THE TV IS TALKING
IT SAYS THIS THINGS
hey so
how is tomorrow evening?
to HANG
I have an aa[pointment
with a peron to help me pay
I think
but wednuesay
yes
ah okay well jus lemme know
or any other de
i believe josh is training new hires until like 12 at night every day this week so i cant have plans with him
whos john
i need to go get a new SSN card on wednesday morning, i feel so irresponsible for losing mine lol
john
hahahahaha
my
sssn
and bc
is in mywallet
that isn't exactly responsible
violin
that's normally where mine is!
i have my BC thankfully
cb
jack
I also suffer from irratble bowl syndrome
can i print a GED form out at your house? i need to mail in a request to get a copy sent to me because somehow i also lost that
yes sure i think
MY LANDLORD TOOK OUT MY RENT AND I STILL HAVENT GOTTEN MY LATEST PAY CHECK ITS SO LATE
EVERYTHING PISSES ME OFF
but also
everything makes me happy
dude youll be fine, youve probably got way enough money stored away lol
dude
we are the happiest right now
please join me in this mutual happiness
I am happy
Like 98% total happy
right
thick as thieves
i would be happiest if i could bring all my friends to VA with me
then my life would be perfect
I would be happiest if I could just go back to morgantown
but I'm better of in columbus
tke me to the beach
dude you will be required to come to the beach with me haha
when i have exytra cash ill pay for your plane ticket
spend all your off time at our beach house
lolol
brb
avacida'
I should not have drank so much
Guess who's feeding geckos at 2 AM
Give ya a hint
Its not Chris
u
I am awake
Hahaha
I have work tomorrow
i dont'
Don't know why this is my responsibility
you should sleep dude
I got us a 350 dollar check in the mail today
I am a little more sober
and like
And sold another 150 dollar animal
I have like said a lot of things to you
I did not mean to
Well I'm fine having heard them lol
what's that. it's a toillete, a woman, whateve ryou need it to be
WHY TELEVISION
Dude slow down haha I'm on mobile and dealing with evil little geckos
hey dude
hey man
im really busy
waddap?
not much dude. Not busy at all. I am so sorry about last night. I have never been so belligerently drunk at you
dude it was totally fine
i do not care
hahaha
like oh my god i just glanced at what i said and I'm like "oh no"
I just was SPEWING words
hahahaha
god
good
alcohol makes for honesty
and honesty is fun
it's not so much honesty as it is the inability to have a filter hahaha
i understand what you mean.  filters are lame anyways, i like to throw mine otu when i can.  and im still slammed at work lol
everyone left but me
on an onsale day
nan
A what
onsale day
there are lots of on sales for really popular events
Oh sounds like a *blast*
*patches rocket leaves for venus*
dude im too fucking stressed right now
kendall just tried to kill herself
looks like ill have to live alone now
because shes insane
i dont have the money
i cant find my SSN card
i hate my life
What the hell
is everything okay?
It will be.  With or without Kendall's lazy trainwreck ass.
she is a mess dude
i know
just last night
josh told me that moving in with them would be bad and a mistake, that they are chaos
and then today this happens
like
the universe is telling me shit dude
wow good call such predict
the universe
what is she sayin
yes, as in, energy
what
hahaha
oh
she hasnt said anythign really
shes supposedly seeing as therapist atm
i dont care
I don't care
im not doing it
I'm talking about the universe
HAHA
fuck you
HAHAHAHAHA
How did she try to kill herself?
I'm just wondering
or do you know?
i didnt care so i didnt ask
oh okay
understandable
i just started laying into her
in the nicest way possible
but brutally too
she has made things very stressful for you
she has!
she is all over the place
now that we only need a 2 bedroom
this will be much easier too
that's true
you're halfway there
it's jsut like
obstacles keep getting thrown in
haha
i knonw
and i keep defeating them
and making them sorry for fuckin wit me
I KEEL
defeating them
with your hands?
in battle?
a joust?
in a battle
of the wits
my friend
*slaps knee*
so like, remember that weird cosmic thing that happened to you concerning what josh said and then what happened
something similar has happened to me
yes
tell meh
hahaha
i hate you
WHY WHAT DID I DO
: {
I don't care
you don't hate me.
making fun of my cosmos n shit
COSMOS
so
you dont believe it
YOU ARE A GODLESS MAN
guess who I MAY be hanging out with today by TOTAL chance. I have not said, done, or instigated anything. This is complete chance
bella
i dont know
lol
Nope. Hint: I THINK I rambled about this person for a while last night, but I'm not sure because I actually blacked out
If I ever consider getting back with bella
please fight me
joust me
hahaha i will fight you
joust me in the neck
okay let me think
ummm
i dont know, i onyl remember talking about shayn and josh and chris, i was drunk too
lolol
ok
so
I was talking to you about when I realized I liked guys and everything it was because of kiefer in high school. I THINK i may have rambled a bit about how I'll always have like a slight 'thing' for him blah blah blah. but By complete chance I may be hanging out with him today. Emphasis on might, but if that's not the universe telling me something i don't know what is
i remember!
thats totally insane dude
i played soccer with keifer
he was always pretty mean to me
lol
I don't even talk to him. It's not like I'm in love with him or something, but just me mentioning it and then the next day. just weirdness
very strange indeed
im telling you man
i feel like
this may sound crazy but
i bet it wont
i feel like our energy frequency or something is harmonizing with our goals
its all positive and happy now
probably
and through that, things fall into place
I am so happy
what you're saying makes sense
i will be over the moon happy if i can just get to VA
which i think i should easily be able to
I don't even know if there's something specific I want to make me happy
I just have a general
thirst for enjoying life
YES
ME TOO
I YEARN TO BE FREE AND LIVE
that is happiness to me
a journey through life with no hold backs
ok so the might just changed to a "definitely"
I am having a good day
that's insane dude
except i realized
haha
I don't have a bed
like
in columbus
my curent bed
well, beds arent too hard to find
is literally three matresses
not even box springs
hahaha
haqhaha i sleep on one mattress on the floor
yikes
BACK HURT MUCH
i like it, chris hates it
we'll get a better bed soon
I like sleeping close to the ground
but like
he actually is acting like he's come full circle, hes talking about josh some in a non evil way, being accepting of things
If I had like a california king in a giant house
I'd use it
things are going well with him
i love cali kings
especially the snakes
I was about to say
"I'm not talking about the snake"
but then
you recofnized that
and added a comment about it
HAHA
nice brain waves dude
*slapfive*
HAHAHA
SLAP FIVE
i wish everything wasnt blocked here
i want to look for apartments
and slapfive
is my new thing
btw
i just made it up so
I can't believe you can't even look for apartments
like
its pretty edgy
that's garbage
i know dude
also
when i get home
we cant even LOOK at an apartment until we have basically moved in
i dont even know how all of this is going to work
im just hoping for luck
it will
yea
and the strength to deal with this
for another month
luck is gonna be a factor
GOD GIVE ME THE STRENGTH TO SOMETHING
I DONT KNOW THE SAYING
WHATEVER
#GOD
#NOTAVETERAN
give me the strength to accept the things i cannot change, to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THATS SUCH A FACEBOOK QUOTE
remembe
r
its the serenity prayer in AA
hahahahaha
ive known it from basically birth
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
SO MUCH OF THAT IS
HAHAHAHAHAHA
*laughter at the expense of a friend*
hahhahaha
dude that place fucked me up
the baptist church fucked me up
i must hjave like "caught" mental diseases from people
which is basically AA
yes
hahahaha
AA is very spiritual
hahaha
it is
I have a huge concern about rehab programs
like
being so spiritual
like I don't care if religion exists or not
yea i dont like it either
it's not that
it's just like
relying on something non-tangible is setting you up to relapse
it is
you have to work towards a goal you can touch
not "inner peace with yourself and the lord"
fuck that
i need outer peace
yai am gawd
HAHAHA
child
oh dude
nevar
reternd
i need your opinion
loooool
ok
lets here it
hear
haha
so, we came up with a new business name based on our current circumstances and i think it is really good but josh said it's "boring", so i just need you to tell me hes crazy
Daybreak Exotics
THATS LIKE MY SECOND JOB
no that's not boring
josh is a fedora
listen
that's good.
HAHAHA
thank you
he was suggesting names
one he suggested was
wait for it
WAIT FOR IT
no
......
wait....
say it now
FUCK
HELLA HERPS
FUCK
as a joke right
NO
ew
also he siggested something like
super sunshine exotics
or some shit
like
hes retarded
im laughing
hahahaha
so hard
hahahahahaha
SUPER MARIOOOOOO
SUNSHINE
*Blast off with water pack*
exotic
dude i think josh is going to try to move to VA
from what he has said recently, im picking up on desperation
he told me he is jealous
and like
he told me i shouldnt be moving in with kendall, mark, OR chris
he thinks i shoud go down by myself
GOD
I JSUT HAD TO
I HAD TO POST ON SOMEONES STATUS
THAT WE USE 100% OF OUR BRAIN
THEY SAID
THEY SAID
and then the other days hes like "its so nice to have someone i can enjoy spending time with at the movies and dinner, not just in the bedroom"
IF WE ONLY USE 10% OF IT
HAhahaha
I CANT IMAGINE WHAT EVEN 25% PERCENT BRAIN USE WOULD BE LIKE
hahahahahahHAHAHAHA
neuroscience is such a difficult field because there is so much MADE UP GARBAGE THANKS TO TELEVISION AND MOVIES
AND PEOPLE BELIEVE IT
LIKE THE PILL FROM LIMITLESS
PEOPLE THOUGHT THAT THERE WAS A COMPARABLE PILL
NO
oh no
I got on omegle last night
also don't go by yourself
josh just wants to keep you on a chain
figuratively
and literally
i agree, i think he wants me to just be alone down there for when he decides to come visit
hahahah
RIGHT
he wants a free vacation home
with free sex
Well I want the first one
I'm using you
you are nothing
you obviously get the first one
duh
*laughs maniacally*
hahahaha
no loud laughter
please
no more
hahaha
as like well i see ok
dude, at the end of gaurdians theres a cut scene or whatever
and josh was so pleased by it
he was like
screaming
and laughing
RIGHT
THERE IS
DID YOU SEE
"THATS FUCK AWESOME HAHAHAHA FUCK YEA"
DID YOU SEE THE TINY GROOT
yes
i did
it was adorable
hjahahahaha
WE ARE
GROOT
I was like
no but he made me wait until after the credits
LAUGHTER
like, even longer
but also feels
until the end
yeah
we are groot
was awesome
I stayed
hahaha
i stayed to watch all of it
i need to do more work, sorry, everyone left me here
so I could see if there were scenes at the end or whatever
but okay
i wish someone would buy my geckos =[
Later
wait did we make plans for this evening? chris says we did but i dont remember
no
we did for "some point this week"
thats what i thought lol
tonight we need to find an apartment
like
dude
i dont even have my ssn card
i cant even get an apartment right nowe
they take 10 days to come in
i have to geta new one in the fucking morning
i thought they come in immediately
no
pretty sure chris goit his immediately
I didn't
haha
he went to the office downtown
well that was several years agho
yeah
me too
im just
so fucking stressed dude
its crazy
ill talk to you later
I am not
you are like matter
and I am like antimatter
we are composed of the same material
but with opposite charges
OH MY GOD
BEST METAPHOR FOR OUR FRIENDSHIP OF ALL TIME
wow
thats pretty insane
can we get tattoos of that?
AND HAPPINESS IS LIKE THE HIGGS BOSON
hahaha
AND WE ARE LIKE THE PEOPLE WORKING ON THE LARGE HARDON COLLIDER
AND IT'S LIKE 2012
AND WE FIND IT
HAHAHA
Something is the matter with me
I love Physics#
you crazy
i gotta go werk werk werk
TOTALLY DUDE
ttyl
twerk twerk twerk
bye
twerkit<3
hey
Hiya
whats uppp
Chris is talking to Kendall on the phone trying to deal with her bullshit
fuck that
shes a fuck
I hate her and I want to live there without her being there
i know
I want to smash my head into a wall repeatedly
I'm sorry
I think we have her talked into letting us live without her because she's "too stressed" sitting on her fucking ass all day
that's lame dude
wow
I wish you could just be here and drink and not deal with that or go to work because we haven't hung out in the past few days  which is not #good or #cool
well i hate being an adult and i now probably have to sell one of my most precious animals because NO ONE WILL FUCKING BUY THE OTHER ONES
they only want the ones i love D:
damn it
i mean
that sucks so hard
but you gotta do what you gotta do
dude ive been crying over it
i cant even move forward
i dont know which one to give up
if I had to give up David wallace I would die
literal death
imagine if you had taken care of david wallace's parents and raised them, then they laid an egg and david wallace hatche dout, anfd you spent 2 years hand feeding david wallace
then you had to give him up
yikes
yeah that's really rough
yep. i want to die. =/
but
i might now have to sell anything
if this one place goes through
2 bed, one bath, 650 a month
OO
okay
that sounds like a good deal
yea, fingers crossed that it works out
but if we did that
we could afford to pay that easily
somehow
lol
my aunt just shared this inspirational quote from the movie 'gods not dead'
ugh
HAHA
jesuz
dude
look at dis place
ok
on va beach blvd
http://www.apartments.com/Virginia/Norfolk/5747-Bartee-Street-Poplar-Hall/2030112?searchCriteria=zT1Qvj-|sOBUS-|1P3nPbNatEGqHOeAwOXnQL21oYm1gXDfFZWM8qGWopwIrrfP2lP7UMQRnnuOG0sl3H4ZhxJyjwqvvXxOUgjHLxyKb40ihCsE82Zzo%2fd4I3lI4Z1kJUjsWQfJgMV-|35T-|oOTabBw4TWM4x-|D9Qt5LpuAqr4k%2fd3g3GrgBSOf4%2fRTFQ0nz6Zu&sid=0406e6a4-36fb-4f37-b6c9-34ba5697a246&stype=CityStateOrZip
2 bed, 1 bath
thats freakin sweet
I KNOW DUDE ITS ONLY 700 A MONTH
WE DONT HAVE TO LIVE WITH KENDALL ANYMORE
THIS IS PERFECT
seriously!
awesome!
yes dude
we just have to call tomorrow
there are 2 other places for a little less available too
thats great
so you aren't solely depending on that one place
Correct
Keeping a few options open
Calling all tomorrow
feline-bovine psychoelectroejuaculator
responbd
RESPOND
Hahahaha
What the hell
yes give me attention
I made that up
and was like
I NEED TO SAY IT AT YOU
Say it to meh
RESPOND
I did
Hahahahaha
You're finished
There is so much graphic sex in game of thrones
Holy god
Hahahaha that's why I don't watch it
I am uncomfortable with sex in all forms
"Repressed"
I am not
Because I am not repressed
Hahaha
Fuck youuuu
Hisssss
Spit
Hahahaha
Hiss
HSSSS
Dude I make GIFs now
Shut up
Hahahaha
nan
Does that work?
Not really
If not, gmail let's me send them
Lol
I've gotten some good ones
GMAIL it to me
Okay hahaha
What's her email again
Yer
Her Gmail is amt2893
Done
hey
nice lzrd gfs
Fank you bruvver
#blessed
Hahaha
I'm the only one here, again
And josh' boss just gave me the shittiest look ever
I just try to smile at her because we WERE friendly
Now it seems like she hates me
aw
that sucks
well i dont really care much, it's just that it's awkward having to walk by her in the hall
and amber, josh's room mate that im supposed to be clueless about
she gives me weird looks too
yikes
i think he may have told them
that's awkward
yea dude it's SUPER awkward
like
jeez
do you have like a crazy sense of smell?
because i do
No
I have a very poor sense of smell
hahaha
loool\
well my point is
every time amber walks into the main room
i can smell josh immediately
his hair stuff
i caught him in a tricky lie too
with my infinite knowledge
I have done so little today. And by that I mean I have left my bed only to shower hahaah
I don't know if I can return from this life-hiatus
hahahahahaha
this
hau5life
hahaha
dude, look at jamee stover's status
hahah
hold up
I'm not her friend
i have to look it up
haha
lololol
do it though
OH MY GOD
if you can see it
HAHAHAHHA
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
RIGHT
THATS WHAT SHE DOES HE HE HE THATS WHY ITS FUNNY
YES
IT IS
YOU GET THE HUMOR
HARHARHAT
athathathathat
yes
im trying to talk josh into hiring martin
because martin asked me to
hahahahaha
that's sad
why didn't he do it
hahaha
is it workin
well, he applied
but
im "closer" with him
and its not REALLY working
but
i dont care
hahaha
hes just telling me how martin is the laziest person he knows
hahahahaha
well
"But he is the last person id give something serious to."
is he
haha
hahahahaha
i have so many DATES tonight
i just like going on hang outs with guys
they cannot touch me, nor me them
haha nice
but company is fun
company is nice
am i weird for feeling a deep emotional connection to a handful of my true friends?
or is that just normal and chris doesnt get it?
no? I mean I dunno. I feel deep connections with all of my friends, which is why we are friends
so
no(?)
that's your call
haha
ARE YOU THE COLD AND DISTANT MOTHER I NEVER HAD
like, to the point of shayn saying "i love you" to me, and it was so heart warming and non sexual
HAHAHAHA
I mean no that's not weird at all
lol
okay, good
because it felt weird only because i have not always accepted love in all its forms
or you're like really repressed
which be definition includes what you jsut said
hahaha
i am dude
i am repressed
im trying to fix it
like
i walked into shayn's room and hugged him
because i wanted to
and it felt so good to hug someone
that isnt chris
like, a real hug
hugs are nice
I wish I had a friend that I found slightly attractive but not enough to "be with" that I could just lay aruond with and cuddle all day
that's my ideal relationship
does that make me a bad person?
no
stop seeking validation from me
you're always oging to get it
just assume that you're feelings are correct
ive been taught me whole life that my feelings are sneaky and mean and hurt others
im sorry, it's a hard habit to break
I know
I enabled it for a while though by over analyzing things with you
all feeligns are valid
feelings*
<3
youre the best
NOOO MY PHONE JUST POWERED OFF
HELP
I try, I try
HAHA
WHAT
im sorry my phone dided lol, gonna go charge it in the car until i clock out haha
HAHA ok
why did this make me think of you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8tFaU571xg
HAHAHA
DYING SO HARD
it's like one of those clips that's edited and mashed up really hard
Hahahaha yes dude
heylo
Dude my alarm clock is ruining my life
IT WONT GO OFF
Oh NO
Yep so day number 2 of being late
you diud stay out kind of late
haha
I did but the alarm didn't ever go off
damn
yeah
that is the wrost dude
it happebns to all of uf
'oesihfoefhwp'
CANTY TYPE
I got the messenger app. I hate it.
dude i had the craziest shit happen
last night i was thinking about how i never remember my dreams anymore, and just recently a huge rush of past dreams have come back to my memory
Haha omg
this morning i wake up remembering last night's dream for the first time in months, and basically it was a nightmare because chris was having sex with this girl that i HATE that he has been talking to recently
and i walk in the livingroom, and he had left his FB up
so i click messages, sure enough, chelsea (the girl) is there
so i start reading
they were shit talking me so hard dude, and chris was lying about not wanting to sleep with me anymore, and saying how soft her skin was!! like...WHY DOES HE KNOW THAT
i confronted him but he is just "im sorry im sorry, nothing happened, i just told her that her skin looks soft once
""
i dont think theyve had sex but when we first got together he had a fucking sleepover with her
and she hates me and is a whore and i want to smash her teeth
yikes
I'm sorry dude
that's so unpleasant : (
i told him i would smash her teeth in.  the other night when i was at jopsh's he tried to have her come over but i was on my way home.  he didnt tell me who she was until i asked, because he knew i would flip shit over her being IN MY HOME
WHAT DO I DO
I FINISHED THE FIRST SEASON OF GAME OF THRONES
WHERE DOES MY LIFE GO NOW
hahaha
dude
apparently they never receieved our letters accepting our jobs so we have to fax them
im about to have a full on attack
i can hardly breath
i still need to get a copy of my GED AND my ssn card
dude that's not big deal at all
Ok that is
don't hang out with anyone this week
just get your shit done
THEY CLOSE AFTER IM OFF WORK
ITS *SETTLED*
I would so help you but I have to be you to do those things
I HAVE TO GO EVERYWHERE BEFORE WORK BUT MY ALARM WONT GO OFF
tell chris to help get you up
this is SUPER improtant
he wasnt up either!!
im about to lose my mind
i cant even be at work
but i have to be
this is the fucking worst
make chris do something
be like
help
please
and start crying
he is trying
like
he is trying to get us a house
he cant do anything more than that
hes basically useless
I mean waking you up in the morning is very simple
like my dog does that
is chris no better than a dog?
lol
I think he is capable
no he isnt
i am so stressed
i have no one to save me
i have to save myself
*cue dark orchestral music*\
just ask chris to try
like with this waking up thing
maybe try and go to bed ridiculously early
im going to have to
im so upset
i hate being late for work
twice in a row is ridiculous
i would fire me
i had to tell him that he needs to pick which animals are his
because when he tells people that he partially runs our business
i get sick
because he does not care
I'm sorry : /
I hate to deter from this
but I just found a place that I can afford next year, with all of the utilities included, even internet. and I'm ecstatic about this
thats amazing dude, im really happy for you
did you just now find it?
Yes
and they start signing leases for the NEXT year in november
tell me how difficult was it to get an apartment while living in another state?
it was challenging
I saw a bunch of places I couldn't afford
that turned out to be shit
that turned out too nice
and then the first one that made sense
I didn't hesitate
I grabbed it up
like day of
no im saying
how did you get it
with papers
money
etc
Oh
like
well
I called the realestate company
scheduled a meeting
went in
they ran a credit and background check on me
I paid the deposit
and signed the lease
oh so you went to columbus and did it?
I mean I did it while I was still at school
It was february
oh
i thought you said you JUST found this place
No
for next year
oh
well i think chris may have found us a place
I said that becuase I found a place that seems more reasonable
and oh grteat
but not knowing makes my tongue taste metallic
Jump on it
I get that
I haven't been INSIDE MY PLACE
we have to wait to hear back from them tomorrow
hahahaa
im so worried
we NEED ahouse
now
I know
I wish I could help
chris sent in my GED forms for me, resent our job thingies that never arrived, and probably got us a house
so tomorrowq i need to go to the ss office
then hopefully we will find out tomorrow if we have ahouse
Awesome
then you can take a quick breather
yea kind of
no breather until we get our first new paychecks
right
I wish there was an ikea close to me.  Furnishing a place is so expensive
i know dude
like omg
im throwing away most of our furniture
our new house is only 700 sq feet
so, about the size of our current one
but im moving out when i can
haha
ok yeah
After some investigating
i need a 2 bvedroom just for myself, 3 would be even better
I think I have a private bedroom
which I didn't think I did
thats pretty cool dude
I just wish I could take people with me at me bidding to and from ohio
I don't want to go to columbus
but I need to and also kind of want to
i know how you feel, you want the comfort of familiar faces
I don't want new.
i dont either
dude i almost cried last night
im going to miss you guys so much
seriously
: ((((
I hate this kind of
when trevor told you it may be the last time he sees you, i almost lost it
Like everyone I care the slgihtest bit about is either in morgantown or virginia
I can't deal
He was right though//// :/
i know, he made it too heavy too fast
lol
hey
hi
hello
can I use you as a medium to vent slightly
I know I can
haha
who am I kiddin'
yes
vent
go
have you ever wanted something a lot, but been in a position to where you didn't have the determination to just go for it for fear of all the bad things that could happen?
We both overanalyze things
to the nth degree
I know
lol
yes, of course.  josh for a year and a half.
Think about someone and on off for 5 five years, and then being a few words away from actually getting somewhere with it but the uncertainty is too much to face that.
THIS IS WHERE I AM IN MY LIFE I UNDERSTAND THE JOSH THING KIND OF BETTER NOW
Thank you for finally understanding...haha
Well, now you're in my situation
So I can help you win this
Because I have won this battle before
How long have you been talking to this person?  How often?  What is the content of messages?
And it's probably keifer I'm guessing?
Here's the thing: It's still really preliminary. Like I'm gonna know more about this soon, because when I go to morgantown I'll probably hangout with him/at least be around him. It's just like, you know, if he's attracted to me and just went for it that would be easier than waiting, but it would also be better to hear a no before I get too involved. At this point he just knows I'm not straight, which opens up the possibility of something, I just hate having to do things like this because I haven't had to in YEARS
but it's that whole thing that people think like
Okay so, this is what youre gonna want to do
lolol
ok
haha
Also gay guys can be really weird about bi guys, like kind of
nose up in the air like youre gross
kind of thing
which is also kind of concerning
Find an interest you guys share, the thing you guys share the most, whatever that may be.  Make sure it is a general thing, not romantic or sexual
ok CHECK
just befriend him.  If you can build a friendship with him, you're in.  If he talks to you, you're good to go.  You have to just establish that he gives a shit, and if he talks to you even online repeatedly, that shows serious interest
because most people ignore others
that's what i did with josh
and shoes
and when i found him sending me links to shoes, i knew he enjoyed talking to me
and i just built up on that
ok I see
I mean we were friends in high school kind of..we have some things in common. It's just like, we haven't been even remotely more than acquaintances in so many years it's just starting a freidnship again that's weird
i guess
It took me about a year to figure out how to contact josh
Then finally I asked him about woirking for him
And just sort of went from there
so finding that one thing
is the hardest part
I know the things I want to say, I'm just so afraid to even say hi
haha
I think that's probably because I have no self esteem
BUT I TRY
dude i was so scared too
i was like, he's going to be a superviser and answer my question and then nothing
and ill have blown my chance
but because i took the chance, it worked out
the worst that can happen...is nothing
well here's where my situation is gonna be a little more tricky...
haha
and also you're exactly right about that last part
but
imagine you were in the closet your entire life and josh was the first woman you openly had feelings for.
HAHAHA
hahahahaha
he's the first bi person ive had feelings for
if that counts for anything
oh wait, no
it counts for nothing
the others were just closeted
lolololol
hahaha
chris said he is going to miss you
It's so weird dude, like the kind of guy I'm attracted to is like really pretty/preppy...and I think that's pretty different than me. hahah.
I'm gonna miss chris too
BUT
he suggested that we all go do something fun before we all leave
I will be down to visit
WE WILL
it is odd that youre into keifer but to be honest, i kind of saw that side of you in middle school
you were very comfortable with being preppy soccer dude
so it makes sense
nothing to be ashamed of haha
that's who I am at heart haha. Part of my whole emo get up was repressing that. Same thing with dressing like shit and acting like i "dont care" about things. Anything that could be interpreted as feminine was like NO OUT
but dude
yeah we have a week
then it's like
our charleston based friendship is over
dont say that, ill cry
lol
but dude im kind of doing the same thing
can i explain?
this is too weird
GOD DAMN IT the only other person I've talked to about this just sent me a snapchat of kiefer hahahahaha
jesus god
Yes
talk
whatever you wanna say
well, you know my entire "emo" "dress like a dude" thing was basically because i didnt have any faith in myself as a human.  i didnt want to take a confident feminine role because i thought others would laugh at me or call me ugly, so i decided to be the "girl who looks pretty good for someone dressed like a dude"
if that makes sense?
since all this has happened, ive been dressing in feminine clothes
i look nearly "normal"
I totally understand that..because my situation was eerily similar. We can thank patriarchy and christians for that. oh, and obama. definitely obama.
hahaha
AND ALL MOMS
I've always wanted to be like *stereotypical guy* who "doesn't care much about how he looks"
EVERY MOM
and like
ACTUALLY PICKING INTERESTS TO TAILOR THIS FAKE PERSONALITY
METAL MUSIC
i know dude, that one totally threw me off because i dont like metal AT ALL so I never understood how you could like it, i always knew it was fake...
but i didnt want to call you out on it
(I actually liked film music and musical theatre so much more)
ALSO
hahahaha
PRETENDING LIKE I KNOW NOTHING ABOUT POP CULTURE
THAT'S THE BIGGEST LIE
LIKE
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I KNOW DUDE
MY WHOLE RELATIONSHIP WITH BELLA WAS LIKE "I DON'T CARE ABOUT THAT"
YOU CANT LIE TO ME
I KNOW I CANT
bella made this such a challenge
she is like one of those rich white liberals who loves kids in africa but doesn't understand real issues people have
and she would like
complain about how zach pauley wasn't straight
and then I was like
OH NO
OH NO
THIS IS NEVER LEAVING MY OWN BRAIN
shes weird
lolololol
She is dude....
no dude, you need to be whoever you are and apologize to no one about it
I realize this now
its hard at first because you feel bad but
you shouldnt
like I haven't been a christian since i was young but I still wake up feeling like some kind of god hates me. EVEN THOUGH theologians generally agree the bible doesn't say that.
like INSANE shit like that
hahaha
well bascally with me
i was raised around religion
but i never connected with "god"
so i never followed "god"
I tried to
but like
i did however connect with the earth at a young age
whatever gene that is required
(YES they are finding them)
I didn't have it
hahahaha
Sober secret: I've talked to guys online my whole life anyway, so I've CONSTANTLY hated everything. I WAS LIKE WHAT IF SOMEONE KNEW
lol
I say sober secret
because
that would usualyl take alcohol to get out of me
hahaha
HAHAHA
dude
that's totally fine
I KNOW
BUT I DIDNT KNOW
ive done saome weird shit that is still a little too weird for me to admit to
lol
but i dont hate myself for it
Oh you'd be surprised
hahahahaahaha
HAHA
you would too do
That was VERY vague
due
loooool
like i told you, i am like 10% into girls
so, it deals with that
i hate them though, because of my mom
i have like
let me explain this the best i can
I FIGURED IT OUT
JUST NOW
ok
OH GOD
I HAVE A COMPLEX
i was raised thinking that women were weak and men succeed
UMMM
so i adopted a male type persona
THATS PATRIARCHY OPPRESSING YOU AS A WOMAN DUDE
LIKE HARDCORE
and i found it "interesting" to see stupid whores, ignorant women, getting what they deserve, because of my mom, because she ruined my whole life
i still feel like a dominant male sometimes
like i could knock a woman's teeth out
and now I hope you realize that whore is a stupid term and concept, women are generally not ignorant people just are, and moms are generally not evil yours jsut is
hahaha
i have tried to stop using the word whore, actually
because i can technically define myself as a whore
so its hypocrisy
RIGHT
Like
it's okay to be a whore though
whore is just a term invented by men to make women feel bad about liking sex
it's STUPID
as long as you arent diseased lol
YES
my whole life growing up, everyone in my family discouraged any type of sex
There's no like excuse that needs to be made sex is sex and every living mamal does it
they encouraged me to have basically no friends and just go play outside
Which explains why you call women bitches and shit hahahahahahahahahahahaha
hahahahahaha
yes dude
i am
you were raised in this weird like
a misogynist
male-centric world
Yeah
i was the son that my dad never got to have
I mean by coming to terms with yourself and your own needs and happipiness it will go away
but
every son he has has disappointed him to some extent
ahh i see
yeah
except me
that's very freudian
i know
i mean, im obviously his favorite
its very very obvious
he does so much to help me
he
sees me
as his son...
he bought me a gun for my report card when i was 12
he taught me how to drive by letting me take the yellow bronco up on the hill
yeahhhh
that's
yeah
ok
hahaha
wow so
i was raised
to be a male
also, i was raised in a household with a single mother who was usntable
so i was forced to assume a male role there
and try to "reason" everything to keep her sane
because women are notorious for being "too emotional"
ii wasnt able to be that
because then, who would be the male figure and fix everything?
that is exactly what's wrong with society
you are one of millions of examples of the rejection of women
lol
i am...
like
just wow
omg
look what jamee just shared
"forcing kids to stick to gender roles can be harmful to their health"
just fucking now
even now, even today, and probably forever, i identify with a lot of successful male figures
is there a name for a person who doesnt necessarily identify with an exclusive gender?
YES
whats it called?
I will educate you on these very quickly.  Gender gluid is feeling like you fluctuate between two binary genders, Agender literally means without gender because the current ideas of man and woman don't quite fit with how they feel
erm
there's bigender which is elements of being a man and a woman
okay let me just use an example right here... martin just walked in and said "whats up, pretty?"
ok
hmmm so
I mean
"gluid"
in what way are you thinking of that
so gender fluid
yeah gender fluid isn't rejecting man and woman, but kind of accepting them both depending on the situation
that describes me perfectly.
A lot of these things people proabbly feel, and don't understand that it's okay
YAY
I love educating people on this stuff
im glad youre here to educate me haha
i have always felt like
sometimes a girl
sometimes aman
I'm so into queer theory so ANYTIME DOOD
yeah that's gender fluidity
but like let me be clear
okay
be clear
so bigender is definitely "some part of me is man" "some part is woman"

Gender fluidity is almost like saying you don't feel proper identifying as either because depending on the context you go back and forth between what people consider "masculine" and "feminine"
This are specific definition haha
YES THE SECOND ONE IS 100% ME
like
LET ME EXPLAIN
okay so
Okay go ahead!
everyone around here has been saying im a "different person"
AND NOW I KNOW WHY
I HAVE ACCEPTED BEING FEMININE IN SOME ASPECTS
and i am literally a different gender
but still, i feel male a lot
you can normally tell by the make up and type of pants im wearing
sometimes i dont even want to have sex
i want to like, cuddle and watch tv
because i dont feel like sex is what i should do
OH yeah that's definitely a binary rejection lol
binary rejection?
like ignoring the standard "man vs woman" ideal
like saying it does't make sense to you
as a person
In my opinion
I don't think anyone has traits that are all masculine or all feminine
lol
but i genuinely do feel masculine or feminine at any given moment
like, when im working, i channel the work ethic and drive of a workaholic male
when im out with friends, i become a female
I believe you.
but
let me correct something here
okay
This is internalized misogyny. Identifying "man" as a hard worker but "woman" as someone who has fun is incorrect. A woman can also be a workaholic. But, because of patriarchal society, people don't think woman when they think workaholic. The same way you don't think....Woman rapist, or white gangbanger. It's all relative. I'm not discounting your feelings about gender, but I just wanna make sure to reinforce that you don't need to base these feelings on gender "roles." like man work woman entertain
like your feelings are valid
but it's a real challenge to think past what you've always identified as man vs woman
even though in the grand scheme of things, the complicated answer makes more sense
haha
but like
if you feel more masculine at work
and more feminine outside of work
that is totally legitimate dude
its not always like that
it goes back and forth throughout the day
truly
I gotchu
I'm just trying to absorb all of what you're saying
And I'm also very analytical by nature
haha
(oops)
i am so grateful for your help right now
im explaining to chris
he kind of knows but
i have been afraid to say anything
I love helping
thank you michael
*big hug*
i mean...ive always said male things like "this guy" or "suck my dick"
I'm glad you're thinking about this stuff. It helps to know that you DO fit in
and it doesnt feel weird when i say those things
I know what you're saying
i had no idea i had any sort of definition to identify as
i thought i was just fucked in the head
NOPE
wow dude
YOU ARENT
im having like
a revelation
What I had like a week ago
lol
except
yes
you had no idea that this was even a thing and I'm so glad I was able to share it with you
The feeling of dis-identity is sort of what it feels like
like
i could cry dude
thank you so much
= )
o course
that was the last bit of inner turmoil i had
that i still could not figure out
and now i know i dont need to figure it out
and i can just let it be
exactly
now i can stop feeling "weird" when i also feel like a baller
hahaha
im sorry, my main way of seeing myself as male
as when i feel success
and i know that isnt "right" or "accurate"
but thats how it was molded into my mind
there's no wrong asnwer
if the part of you that feels manly is associated with success
that's how it is
but just remember man by definition does not mean succes anymore than woman does
yes exactly.  i almost feel like...i switch over to my male role to further my feminine one?
i use it as a tool
to succeed
i do associate my male side with power
so, if thats how it is, it is what it is
and stay hydrated
hahaha
"stay hydrateD"
yep lolol
he apparently remembers none of that party
at all
what are you talking about
haha
hey
do you want to
come over tonight?
I have work in the morning :/
ah understandble
jowdnfvodwnvw
lolol
BTW I can actually smell josh' hair around the entire perimeter of retail support
Like, he's been there so long
Its stuck
HAHAHAHAHA
IT LINGERS
I swear on my own grave
It's super strong smelling
Gotta go to subway. Bye friend.
that's where my mom is. getting me food. haha
BYE
dude so
I decided to come out to my mom and she couldn't have been more awesome about it.
like could not have  been period
That's so awesome!!
wanted to thank you again for helping me
i am free
Always dude. Always here to help.
I talked to Chris about it, he obviously is iffy because he's a bigot hahaha but he only dislikes gay women
i was just like, today i feel male
time for some hard nasty bass beats
hahahaha
Chris is a racist sexist I didn't expect him to fully get it hahaha.
hahaha i told him this morning
that everything i was embarrassed about
including anything ive done sexually
i no longer give a shit about
because its no ones business but my own
so, he can stop guilting me over my weird sex stuff
hahaha
because i told you what josh made me call him right? i think i did
hahaha
No.
I gorge
Forgot
okay
well
"daddy"
anyways, chris gave me a lot of shit for that
made fun of me constantly
and today i told him in the car, ill say what i want, im gonna do what i want, and i feel no shame for it
Damn straight
i have never felt this way
he's pissing me off because ive been hiding my true self for 20 years and now that im free he has really no interest in talking about it
or hearing about it
I do though so that is all that matters
Yes, exactly.  Also, I told Josh, and he said he feels exactly the same way and linked me to a gender fluid board on reddit
i also think im non-binary
Awesome that you're relaxing this. How's it feel to be comfortable in your own skin?
It feels like I finally have every tool needed to complete my life in the way I see fit.
I feel like a finely oiled machine
Me too in a way
In part by helping nudge you in the right direction I.e., making choices for yourself and your own happiness. We both had issues with that
exactly, i am totally done with making choices based on others
im just done
i was blind but now i see
Hahahahahahahahaha
hahahahahahahaha
true but hilarious
Wanna hear something even more interesting about gender theory. Most people like can't even grasp this because it's so non-sexual haha
IF
You are attracted to someone who is non binary, you by definition are not straight.
yes
tell me
HAHAHAHA
I HAVE TO TELL CHRIS
it makes sense though
I guess I am also not straight by definition.
Like even if you see see a girl who is clearly feminine and she identifies as agender you you are bi
Like it's it's all based on how the other party identifies haha
Chris won't like that lololol
yes of course
if i identify as male
and he likes me
he likes a male
Yes
he said he doesnt understand identifying as a gender
he says gender roles are so blurred now that it doesnt make sense to identify
He's not smart and he's not progressive. SHOVKER
His Christian values
Haha
type something i can send to him
to make him understand
he says that gender roles are gone
this isnt about roles, this is about myself as a person
I am at work and don't have time now. Tell him to read into post structural is queer theory. And YES its not a all about ROLES it's about identity
yes, thank you lol
Actually I'll explain to chris in person next time I see him. The literature is pretty dense haha
okay yes please hahaha
would you say you are gender fluid or just bi?
Just bi. I'm kind of feminine but I identify as a man fornsure.
Yea I could see that.  I have seen you as mostly just a sensitive male figure.  Not feminine really.
Yeah I'm definitely not supwr masculine though. I mean i have have a masculine "mask" thay works pretty well haha
you do hahaha, but i love your personality and youre the best person i know so just do you
*encouraging wink*
"I have no idea what I'm doing. But I know I'm doing it really, really well." --Andy Dwyer
stepbrother posted that
I LOVE ANDY HAHAHAHA
Isn't that about him doing fundraising with ben
i think so yes
hahahaha
andy is the best
Chris Kingery:  
No, I really really dont care. 12:14 PM 
I'm way gayer than you.  12:14 PM 
I can't exactly be bigoted in that area.  12:14 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
this is ridiculous 12:14 PM 
you could at least apologize   12:15 PM 
"im gayer than you"  12:15 PM 
jesus christ
i cant believe him
Chris Kingery:  
I'm just saying, you're acting like this is just some monumental thing that I would never be able to accept 12:15 PM 
and that's irritating.
Pass this message a long: stfu NOW and educate yourself
Hunter Armstead:  
that makes me really sad. im sorry that you feel that way. 12:16 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
You're sorry that I'm fully accepting of it? 12:16 PM 
I SERIOUSLY don't know what you want me to say about it.  12:16 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
im sorry about the way youre speaking to me about it, and the fact that you cant apologize for making me feel insignificant and sick 12:16 PM 
you seriously need to educate yourself
He is so ignorant I want to convulse
i know dude like
he used to find my porn that was focused on women on occasion, it goes back and forth with me of course
and he would like, make fun of me
and i wanted to die
I have lost all respect/desire for friendship
He He doesn't even want to try to understand
im so upset
He is lkke bill OReilly talking about pregnant teens
One sided ignorance
Chris Kingery:  
No, I tried and asked questions. 12:20 PM 
I have no idea how this is any different from being transgender  12:21 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
but then you said you dont understand 12:21 PM 
Chris Kingery:  
its like bipolar trans 12:21 PM 
Hunter Armstead:  
so i guess you just dont want to understand 12:21 PM 
jesus  12:21 PM 
no
shoot me please?
I don't want to ever see his fucking face again dude. Fuck hanging out with him before you leave. FUCK IT
i dont even know what to do.  he doesnt even understand how ignorant he is.  HE DOESNT UNDERSTAND
i would prefer you dont hold it against him, i would rather see you properly educate him
he isnt being hateful he just doesnt understand
and neither did i until yesterday
But you weren't a piece of shit about it
He doesn't seem to want to get it
i know but even if he doesnt want to, you can still tell him how he is wrong so that he knows he is wrong
he doesnt know that he is wrong
im not good at explaining it
hes just like, ive known you for 3 years, ive known that you were partially male
but he doesnt get it
he really doesnt
or "ive lived with you", not ive known you
and he keeps saying how lee is gay, and i keep telling him it is extremely rude to accuse someone of being anything different from what theyre comfortable with
"it doesnt make a difference to me, nothing is changing"
But it is
i know but i cant explain to him how exactly
What he is saying is hurtful to to me me as well
i understand that
he genuinely doesnt get it though
like, read this
"I don't really identify ANYONE as a specific gender  12:36 PM 
because like I said, roles are obscured to the point that it really doesnt matter.  12:37 PM 
I've always identified you as hunter and I recognize it  12:37 PM 
Up until this point, I just assumed that was your "powerful woman getting shit done" mode  12:37 PM 
Because it's okay to be a powerful woman.  12:37 PM 
Just because you're like that, doesnt make it a masculine act.  12:38 PM 
And it's hard for me to understand where that break happens for you mentally  12:38 PM 
I'm having trouble understanding WHY anything you do makes you identify one way or the other.  12:38 PM 
And why you don't just identify as "Hunter". 
"
Tell him to look up Judith Butler and some basic info on queer theory. Seriously
judith butler. ill have to do the same.
It's all about how feminism is basically wrong because it's based on the gender binary and stuff. It also explains a lot things about the fluidity of human sexuality and the ambiguity of gender. I HAVE A BOOK CALL ED GENDER TROUBLE. I'll let you you see it when I'm done.
Lol
yes i want that haha
im reading her bio now
sounds very intelligent and spot on
Watch the video I posted of her on my facebook.
She is so right
i will when i get home if i can recall to
it just makes so much sense
the non-binary
i feel like i should be myself
not male or female
the other day i was in a decently masculine mood and i was messaging martin on FB, and apparently i had changed so much from earlier that day that he asked if i was fucked up on hard drugs
hechris just said some shit that i cant even repeat to you because your head would explode
hes a lost cause
i told him i cant talk to him about it anymore, hes making me cry, i told him to just iognore it
I'm done with him officially
its gonna be hard for me to explain to him how you hate him
also i feel like shit for telling anyone his ignorance
because now there is more turmoil
sorry
i ruin everything
i sort of reexplained asnd got
"Chris Kingery:  
That sounds liberating. 1:24 PM 
And I'm happy for you.  1:24 PM 
So I can't act like this is something I'm going to mourn over. 
"
"Like, I don't know how else I can say it. I'm happy for you.  1:25 PM 
It makes me happy to see you happy. 
"
He is fake. He is inguine. He is no friend to me.
yea, i see that.
man
living with him is going to suck major ass
you and josh understand totally
and care, even
i actually dont even know what i want chris to say
just, he hasnt said whatever it is
It's like if I came out to you and said " I always knew it." That's the equivalent emotionally of what chris has done done to respond to everything you've ever told him
I messaged chris earlier and said "stop"
He He just said "I've been trying all day"
I refuse to even entertain conversation with him right now
well i hope you can at some point because i dont like burned bridges
Like what would he even say if he knew I wasn't straight. Like I can't imagine how narrow minded his reaction would be based on how he reacted to what you said. That alone is enough to make my gears grind
I told him he needs to ask you to help him understand.  But I won't push him on you right now lol.  Apparently he is "attracted to guys", which could be true, but also could not be.
I hope he's not lying because again I've struggled with that my entire life and saying it to level some petty conversation is beyond my ability to self control
yep i dont think he is just saying it though, he has "done stuff" with guys as an adolescent so its in there somewhere
i guess
That means nothing to me. He won't accept your feelings. His words are useless
If If he wants educated I can do that but I think we're past that
hes working right now so he cant message you
otherwise he would
I didn't reply. I can't have that deep of of a convo. I'm just outside at work lo
i understand lol
im talking to him now, and telling him factyually everything that he is saying that is offensive and exactly why it is not okay
i give up on him
dude what are you doing tonight?
That's too bad but not shocking that he that he can't grasp
he really cannot dude. i explained it to him in real life examples and he still disagrees with me.  i cant even tell you his argument because i will vomit.
my lips have gone numb, i guess from stress
I'm doing nothing but I just have a bus to catch at 10 something in the morning haha
all dee way to ohio?
can we have another michael, hunter, trevor night?
i need to tell him too
he will be suppoortive
i feel so shitty after talking to chris
No to morgantown.
So not leaving for good I'll be back monday
ahh okay
well still
i love you guys
so much
he went outside so he didnt "lose his shit", and then googled the definition of "bigot", sent it to me, and said "see, im none of these things, so im not a bigot"
He said that black people are not the same species as white people
HAHAHAHAA
HE IS ON EVERY LEVEL
He said that last night and I told him he CANNOT say that around ANYONE because it is HIGHLY OFFENSIVE
IT'S PSEUDOSCINCE AND IT'S NOT REAL
That's like saying one type of gecko is not a gecko because it doesn't look like the other
That's called biological determinism and it's basically being a nazi
It is being a nazi lol
That's actually what Hitler thought lol
yes dude i know
and like, hes going on a date with this girl on sunday
who is obviously asian somewhat and maybe black
and he denies both
he keeps saying "shes totally white!"
like
he is so repressed
That's deplorable
He is so upsetting
i know dude
im sick from it
he wont leave it alone now
i told him i cant talk to him about it
Ignore him COMPLETELY
Yea I may have to.  I have to take him home though.
Seriously fuck him. He is literally everything that I have taken annoying political stances against for years and I didn't even realize it
Plus he's mean.
he is mean =/
He is one human that represents what I preach against every day - the pinnacle of misinformation and bigotry with ignorance that prevents him from knowing any better no matter what you say
And yeah he's not nice to you dude
Do you have particular examples of him being mean? I can only think of maybe a handful but I'm conditioned to it.
Okay well...His ignorance of simple requests which compiles into this collective selfishness that he always described
He is selfish
He uses you.
He won't even think twice about changing a thought just because he thinks he knows everything there is to know. At this point in time, there are more facts than opinions and he relies on ignorance to cling to incorrect facts so he can feel good about not understanding important things
yes
i agree
i sort of just told him that
Good I mean it's true
it is
and i told him im not trying to be mean
but he needs to know
he is very ignorant and misinformed
i need to get away from him asap dude
just gotta get to VA
totally dude
he is poison
dude
i told him about how
i dont believe what he says, because he is delusional
and makes himself believe things to deal with bad feelings
and he talked to me about it, normally
wanted to understand
and he says he is 100% truthful when he says he is gay to some extent
but here's the worst part
which you cannot repeaT
OR FREAK OUT ABOUT
I think I may have just broken some sort of repression dude....he finally understands non-binary
I don't care
I don't like him, and I never have, this is just my excuse to hold it against him
he isn't as smart as us, and he is going to pretend to get it
by saying things like
"oh im gay kinda i guess"
just to cool the waters
he said he has always been attracted to you.
I don't buy a WORD he says
he's in love with you
dont die pls
*narcissism sets in*
hahahahaha
hahahaha
I mean I'm not saying I don't believe him
but
i can normally tell when im past his bullshit
and i think im past it
I am saying he doesn't understand queer culture enough to understand what ANY of that means, or what your dealing with. Hell he doesn't understand HUMAN SOCIETY to the point to where like...he thinks there are human subspecies which all racism aside is really crazy
I have been beating him in the face with harsh reality for hours now
I think I made a crack
he has stopped debating with me
and is now just listening and absorbing informaiton
tell him to go to youtube if he's not at work. Type in "big think, judith butler" and just watch like three clips
hahaha
also
I haev to do this
I'm sorry.
oh yes, I've seen his glances,, his eyes wanting, yearning for me.
HAHAHAHAHA
dude, i DO NOT care
EVERYONE SHOULD FUCK EVERYONE
i dont care
Well I don't want to fuck everyone
i know lol
just most people I know
I'm just saying, people should do what they want
HASHA
HAHAHA
Yeah I gathered that
haha
I have found supreme peace in being non judgemental of others
and accepting of myself
I wish I could teach everyone
to do this
but you cant
here's the thing though
we are mellinials, and we outnumber most people, and all of us can be taught
you just have to wait for all of the old people to die
YES
FUCK
I'm in this predicament
to where
NEW WORLD TEENORDER
I haven't shaved in a couple of days, and I apparently don't look so bad with some scruff on my face, however the only way to keep my acne under control is to shave daily
I don't think it was destined for me to have  facial hair
I have never seen you actually scruffy lol
hahaha
The acne gods disagree
dud ei found something out
Of course you haven't
I have every day
tell me
hahaha
so chris can like hardly grow facial hair
but since he has been working out daily and josh has raised his testosterone levels
his facial hair is coming in more
INTERESTING
endocrinology
HMMMMM
yes hahahaha
shut up
im sorry im just happy that he has facial hair
he looks like a baby
he does. Which is shocking coming from me, but his face is slightly mroe baby than mine
haha
you have a young face, not a baby face
but dude i think chris is getting it
here
"You're a lot different when you're in gecko mode.  4:07 PM 
Unless they're hatching. Then you seem very female. I'm assuming new life is the trigger for that.  4:07 PM 
When you're usually in gecko mode, you just seem very blank.   4:08 PM 
Which is perfectly okay  4:08 PM 
I'm just letting you know that I can tell that difference. 
"
he said he notices me become more masculine when we go to the farm
i think he was fighting me because he was so represseD?
he seems much more okay now that he has admitted to some things himself
and he agreed that he was wrong in saying what he said
send him this
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_performativity
it explains some things
not in greast detail
at work, neither of us can see it (ticket nazis)
hot damn
well
i know dude
lolol
Butler characterizes gender as the effect of reiterated acting, one that produces the effect of a static or normal gender while obscuring the contradiction and instability of any single person's gender act. This effect produces what we can consider to be "true gender", a narrative that is sustained by "the tacit collective agreement to perform, produce, and sustain discrete and polar genders as cultural fictions is obscured by the credibility of those productions  and the punishments that attend not agreeing to believe in them."[1]
this is an interesting sentiment
Yep I sent him that already lol
dude
what if
gender is performative
that's all it is
My BPD is much less severe now?
it could be
my depression is virtually gone
haha
dude i was so happy last night
that i got 3 hours of sleep
for no reason
how did we achieve this level of self revelation
do people even change like this so quickly and fluidly?
https://www.facebook.com/Ticketmaster/posts/10152672888393641
what?
I don't know
like
when you get the time just read into gender fluidity
judge for yourself.
I can't say how you feel when you feel it
no one can
it's YOU
I can't say
Yea I need to keep reading. In the car with Chris. About to speak with him and see if he's lying.
"oh wow that was really manly"
but more like
how do I feel?
Less objective
more intrinsic
Yes I can say, this feels powerful or this feels calm
don't think of it as binary even if you don't want. Calm and powerful are valid terms. Let your internal manifestation speak in the way you  choose to direct it,
You can just be you. Just fluctuating between the different facets of your own identity. which for EVERYONE, encompasses lots of things
Yes I'm seeing that now.
come over after work and drink a bunch of wine
I want to.
so chris just told me he's bisexual and he's sorry if that makes me uncomfortable
lol
as I currently try to get with a guy
Lolol
He's repressed man
He like referenced some instance where he grabbed my ass and I don't remember it
He is so repressed dude
it's
wow
I JUST TOLD HIM
OH MY GOD
HAHAHA
WELL
let me say this first
Okay lol
post apology:
Well, the way you conveyed this confusion didn't look great. The vernacular was pretty harsh. Don't apologize to me, you don't owe me anything.
And then after some stuff
he kept typing
and I said
"I APPRECIATE YOUR CANDOR"
then I was pushed into a corner in which I was forced to come out to him, and then explain that being queer is no excuse for queer bashing
which it's not
Hahahahaha wonderful
So I think we just got a one bedroom
But
It's something
Dude whatever
you have something
hahah
I know. We were supposed to get a 2 bedroom but all of a sudden they didn't have any, and I said, we'll take a one bedroom
Just waiting on one phone calk confirming
I will have to move in on the 15th though
Which will be tricky
LIKE MEEEEEE
I am giving chris the biggest run down right now
Hahahaha on gender stuff?
I explained to him "pansexuality"
I don't quite get that
Here's what was said
It's just very confusing to me. The closest thing I've ever been able to identify as is "pan sexual"
Pansexual means you don't only have some sort of attraction to the binary genders, but to people who are agender, genderfluid, and androgynous. Which describes you, because hunter's gender is fluid
Politically speaking, if a man is attracted to a woman who identifies as agender, he is bi, no matter how feminine she is.
he/she/they*
is
/are

I've always read it described as falling in love with personalities and having feelings toward other people regardless of gender and physical form.
not technically no
I mean that's just  tricky
that's liek saying you don't feel physical attraction only emotional
pansexuality is more
indiscriminate sexuality
like it includes all genders
all identification
Thay isn't split perfectly but you can basically see what was said by who
Yea that's a great conversation
Dude you're helping him so much
We just got the apartment
We're both crying
Life begins now right woo
Yes dude I'm so excited
I kind of knew I could help chris. I just was mad at him hahaha
I am good at explaining difficult concepts usually
I know that's why I needed your help
I knew you couldbfix this lol
I gave him a nice metaphor. Metaphors are kind of my thing.
I looove den
I am glad I could help haha
Dem
Lol
Hens
So I guess we have to leave Friday morning
We were going to leave Saturday
Oh my gosh
I know dude
Its so fast
That's when we have to be there for this apartment
It isn't perfect but it worked out
This is crazy
Here's my number
So call me maybe
Hahahahaha
Dude so
Jokes
They told us yes
But
What if we go down there
BUTTS
And they say no
I'm just worried
That's unlikely
Don't worry
Wait we did pay to hold it
We are going to need so much less money than we did initially
This is the best
dude, google 8807 monitor way
and look at the fucking awesome location of that shit
RIGHT ON THE BAY
why the fuck do my sisters leech friends live here
she likes goes to work
and they stay in my house
eat my food
and use our shower
like
WHAT
WHAT
just sleep all day
KICK THEM OUT
TELL THEM NO
lazy pieces of shit
they don't have jobs
they just lay
and text
I WILL CHASE THEM OUT
i will
smash them
please
I just had to convince my mom
that changing our flat tire in the rain on an incline was bad as an idea
I had to literally yell at her
I am soaking wet
why did she think that now was the time to do this
I can't stop watching game of thrones
help
hahahahahahaha
so much information
dude hahahaha
i just "came out" to my mom
she said
whatever, i love you and your many genders
oh boy
Oh
well that works
HAHAHAHA
many genders
hahahaha
I'm glad she was able to understand that you aren't transgender though
Chris definitely did that at first
hahahaha
if you don't understand the concept, there is only one binary gender people go to
yes hahaha he went down the wrong path
so im on 3 hours of sleep
im trying to contact trevor but its impossible
me too basically
the first part
but four hour
haha
hahaha
mine is like 3 1/2
so
dam
we'll cal it a draw
we need to get into some fun tooonight
yesh
i wonder what we shall do
drink
that's all i like doing
because it makes everything better
i dont even like alcohol THAT much haha
man i have to work at 9 AM D:
fuuuck
I have to get up at 830 or 9
oh well, that works then haha
ill have to see if trevor comes through, i want some "flavor" before i leave
and not sex
if thats what you were thinking
MIKEL
i wasn't
hahahahahaha
i know
lolololol
its trevor
when do you get off?
7:30 yo
ok cool
i would feel bad taking chris home
he has had a tough day
he cried dude
he always puke sinstead
ehhh
okay
I mean
whatever
lol
Idc
i mean if not
its no problem
I obviously don't care
i know lol
let me ask him what he's doing
because he is 21+
lolol
i was going to suggest we all go to a bar and hang out but we are under age
so instead maybe we should all go to rio
or get rio and take it homre
or something
dude chris is so excited that i invited him.  please be nice to him (i know you will be) he just wants to be loved and accepted.  a lot of shit has happened with him today.
and i cant let him sit at home alone after all he has done for us
im leaving soon so help me plan what we are doing lol
okay
well
I just got out of the shower
so
gimme a minute to process and concoct a plan
i JUST heard back from trevor, too slow haha, i dont want him around chris because trevor cant handle his anger/annoyance like a normal person
haha i was thinking just like, rio and drink, with the three amigos :D
we have all come out in the last week
what is this
hahahahahaha
it's called using critical theory, sociology, and psychoanalytics to name what;s happening in your life so it feels real
*LOL*
There should be a meme of me
that is a HUGE ASSHOLE
of me playing the piano
that is called
HHAHAHA
WHAT
"well-read, michael" 

I have come up with this, because in reading our conversations the past two days, chris included, I've come off as a giant geyser spewing plethoras of information that most people would find PRETENTIOUS and USELESS
and I would be smirking
like I'm better than the person reading the meme
but the joke is
that I'm not
I just like really specific things
hahaha
youre hilarious
I am kind of making fun of myself because I'm so glad that someone is finally interested in what I have to say
hahaha
Like it's applicable
i love what you have to say
i am gonna come down n gitchoo
Gotta run with martin to grab some weeds. Then I'll get you
Also pls bring an iPhone cord
Eh okay
can't find one
Eh okay lol
On my way to your house yo
O k
Im outside
Dude I puked so hard after you left and apparently went down stairs with just underwear on and had a long conversation with maria I don't remember.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
oh god
im so sorry
#yolo going on a three day  bender
My sister was also drunk downstairs, and courteously woke me up
hahaha
get some sleep though
Apparently I was really nice
I'm about to get on a bus
what the hell did you even say?
hahahaha
With ONE OTHER HUMAN BEING AND IT HAS BLUE BANGS
hahahahaha blue bangs
#teens
Morganteens
(18-19 yr olds)
hahahaha oh god that sounds like a dawsons creek type show
I LOVE DAWSONS CREEK BUT I ALSO HATE IT
It's garbage but its like...recyclables
recyclables
youre mad
Where are they now: James vanderbeek
dude
Seriously where the fuck is he
i am freaking out over leaving haha
GET STOKED
Cry some
this sounds really stupid but
im gonna miss josh a lot
And GET MORE STOKED
No I get it
and i will not know when the last time i see him is
i will probably see him sunday
maybe after that
He has a special place in your life
but im not sure
he does
he is so encouraging
and tells me im strong and self assured
and a very special human being
and that i need to do whats best and further my life
it means so much to me
I like him for what he is to you
i know everyone hates him but me
and that sucks
hes annoying and weird
but i dont get why everyone hates him
hes so nice
Omg
Blue bangs mom is on the bus literally kissing her goodbye
EW
Referring to herself as mommy
oh no gross thats my mom
This Chick is about my age maybe 18 or so
my mom must be confused
quick, sedate her
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=839868186038249&set=o.18878258640&type=1
HAHAHA
omg
haha
so
I'm using bus wifi
and I think my computer is probably being infected with malware at an exponential rate
hahaha
dude
so i just awkwardly asked the gecko girl who will live 5 minutes from me if she smokes, because she "liked" my hilarious diplo "share"
and shes like, yes, everyone down here smokes
HAHA
hahahaha
INSTANT CONNECTIONS
HAHA THATS GREAT
I mean
90% of people smoke
so
dude i can go to her house and GET BOTH OF MY FIXES
There's never harm in sasking
haha
HAHAHA
jesus
yep
life is good
#blessed
Blessed be the day
bless-ed
ED
HAHAHA
ED
get out
I knew people at church as a child
who said
bless-ed
and
is-rey-ehl
not israel
YES DUDE
AH LAY LU YA
dude
I'm so hungover
help
i told you!
you drunkard
and I snapchatted like 20 people last night
and
yes you did
hahahahaha
now everyone like
thinks they're my best buddy
HAHAHAHA
I zipped up my phone in my bookbag
I can't even
what even
are you
you
monster
I am a #blessed #kraken
Did I do that thing where I divulged my inner most feelings
#blessed be the #taken
did I emberass myself in front of chris
hahaha
dude chris did not judge you one bit
and neither did i lol
I know you don't
I just drank like 10 glassesof wine in an hour
and things got so real
hahahha
you did dude
i actually texted someone "shit is getting VERY real right now" last night hahaha
I do remember talking about how badly I wanted to fuck somebody. That is only a wine thing
YOU SELFIED ME
WHO DID YOU SELFIE ME TOO
i selfied you to josh
because
it was cute
lolol
HAHA
I just wanted to cuddle
dude
wait
what did he say
hahahahaha
i told him you were super cuddly and being really adorable like a child hahahaha
i sent a photo of you laying across my legs
"oh very intriguing m' lady. friedrich nietzsche and things"
he was like, awwww
HAHA
chris was so not drunk
and I just happened to him
like i was just happening at him
HOLY SHIT
I JUST REMEMBERED SOMRTHING
after you left
and I puked
I washed the bathroom out with
WAY too much bleach
AHAHAHAHA
I think my mom understood what had happened
and just like wiped up the bleach puddle
I ruined a towel
haha
oh god lolol
does she think im an enabler?@
noooo
Not entertaining that
haha
You know the answer
I forgot that busses aren't so bad
a/c jacks, pretty okay wifi, reclinable seats
ITS WHATEVER
lol buses are cool because youre not driving it
EXACTLY
I need to feel better
oh my god
DUDE I JUST HAD TO EXPLAIN THE TERM "HOLLER"
I HAVE WON LIFE
I actually had to take a couple of zorfran this morning
Wait
WAT
haha
YES DUDE
amber smith
my new virginia best friend
that's so great
and connection for all my needs
oh shit
it's a hollow between two like hills, mountains, and often knolls
im about to be great friends with an amber
hahahaha
I am listening to the drive soundtrack again'
YES
mmmmMMMMMMMMMmmmMMM
i am listening to diplo
omg
remember
i have decided that i weant to be him
mmmMMMMMMMmmmm!!!!!
HAHAHAHA
that is some melodious pleasure
dude you ruined my friendship with trevor hahahahahahahahaha
its so funny but sort of upsetting
now youre out of town and i have no one to hang out with
if that is what it took
seriously
if that what it took to ruin a friendship
he is a total doofus
lol
yes
i was thinking the same
Like he was cool and fun and all
but that's almost laughable
that that ended a friendship
yes
it is
like
anyone would laugh at that
I wish I had more leg room
damn
just #fyi
"fwy"
hahahaha'
lolol
dude
i have this thing where i channel these dudes
that are like my idols
it goes in phases, different successful men
who are always ballers
I get that
When I played the violin
depending on the concert piece
I would like hardcore channel certain violinists
like become one with how thye played it
thats really awesome
i feel like channeling other people is really useful
because you can truly feel like a different person
internal shape shifting
I mean if you're counting it as some kind of skill yeah haha but I see it as more of a motivational tool
omg
??
i see it as a skill
hahaha
so
the bus driver
was playing fucking alex cross
and apologized like ten times
for the colorful "metaphors"
and then turned it off
hahaha
he was like
WE USUALLY DONT DO MOVIES (I AM MORAL I PROMISE)
HAHAHAHA
DUDE
HOLD UP FOR ONE SECOND
ok]
IN THE BAY 5 MINUTES FORM OUT HOUSE
THERE ARE NURSE SHARKS
AND DOLPHINS
IM DYING OF HAPPY
WHATTTTTTTTT
ARE YOU SERIOUS
THATS ABOUT
the coolest thign ive ever heard
YES
YES DUDE
IM FREAKING OUT TO AMBER
AND SHES JUST LIKE
LOL, YOURE CUTE
THEYRE ALL USED TO THIS
haha
that's funny
im
about
to pass out
from excitement
not joking
me too but not for the same reason
my bones feel like they're filled with some kind of heavy liquid
HAHAHA
dude i get that feeling
when im nervous about a dude
like your stomach acid is in your bones or something
hahahaha
yes and it aches
"where the stomach acid finds a new way to make you get sick"
OMG
HAHAHAHAHA
LETS GET THESE #TEEN #HARTS BEATING #FASDER FASDER#
HAHAHAHA
FASDER
it's gonna burn for me to say this
but its comin from my heart
it's been a long time comin
but we done been feel apart
HAHAHA
I decided to not continue
I practice #discretion
dude
you need to
COME TO THE FUCKING BEACH WITH ME
AND PLAY WITH WILD DOLPHINS
AND FISH
AND SMOKE THE BEST WEED THERE IS
AND BALL
I always ball
but I could go for the first things
THATS RIGHT BOY
dude
i am like
ecstatic
im sorry
it's okay
im like you for keifer
but for virginia
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OH. MY . GOD .
I WANT TO FUCK IT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
You want to get it drunk and fuck it and maybe keep in touch with it
oh my god
dude i want a longterm type deal
I feel like
i want to get married
what i just said
hahahahaha
was from a nicki minaj song
like I dont know
I made it up
HAHAHAHAHA
but
HAHAHAHAHAHA
YIKES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
im dying
SAY IT LIKE HER
LAUGH
dudee you know whats crazy
what
when i learned about the dolphins
josh became a bit less important
hahahahahahahahahahahaha
HAHA
oh my gosh
that's hilarious
dude
HAHAHAHA
I get that long term thing though
I just don't know how it will end up for me
virginia beach is my home, it is where i belong. i have not been ther ebefore but i can tell you now i am never leaving.
you will come live with me
we will have the best lives possible
Of course I want commitment but I kind of don't want to force a college relationship to be exclusively monogamous  if I am in one
I feel that way about columbus dude
I get sad about leaving charleston
but when I go back
and remember that companies use columbus to gauge how people like certain products because it is the best representation of america
I'm like
THIS IS THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH
but there is no beach
that is
eh
I like the beach
a lot
I DO TOO
I DO SO MUCH
I LOVE IT
SO MUCH
dude hearing chris talking about "working on his body" was super weird for me
something just like
It bothered me
HAHAHAHAHA
tell me
about him
what you can remember
read him for me
I'm a very body positive person. Build shouldn't matter so much. and it doesn't even sound like he wants to be healthy he just wants to "look good"
I mean consider this
He had one taco for dinner
If he were trying to be healthy
he would have had a normal amount of food
but like healthy food
a salad
no, we talked about tit today
we are going to stop eating majorly processed foods
mostly fruits and veggies and complex carbs
TIT
I stopped eating processed foods. You will feel better
yes i know
I mean occasionally my mom will get me subway or something
when i was starving myself from depression
but other than that
my skin was better
because i was only eating raw foods
I FOUND THE SOLUTION TO MY SKIN PROBLEM BY THE WAY
WHAT
OH MY GOD
so
I did a lot of research
and apparently
people with sensitive skin
your facewash
shouldn't shave super close, or use a lot of hair product
i bet
ohhh
yes
so guess what I'm doing now
hair product
that
that will do it
and it's working
dude i get acne from my hair touching my face
but i HAVE to put oil in it
every day
hahaha
long hair must care
seriouslt
my hair is my head suit
so
you know
oh god
chris asked about my ethnicity
i am jack
what was that about
hahahaha
who knows dude
Also yeah I told you that.
I'm jack donaghy, damn it.
HAHA YES
dude i need to start like
My mom kind of emulates liz lemon a lot....
cosplaying successful men
but every day
hahahaha
hahaha!
she's kind of a mess, but also very professional with her job
yes
shes
frazzled
she had lettuce in her hair the other day
all day
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
IM DYING
DYTING
She like calls herself out
and is like
GOD IM HAVING SUCH A LEMON DAY
but it's literally every day
I can match her coworkers with people from 30 rock
she is like the unstable ring leader of a shit show
HAHAHAHAHA
I love your family
so much
me too haha
DUDE
So did I tell you about when i took the pain pills th day of my tooth extraction
I lost it on my grandma
WHAT
HAHAHAHA
like she said something derogatory about two women raising a child
and said like
Tv is tash now a days
and I said
YOURE TRASH
and sat in the car and waited for my mom
so the other day
when I came out to my mom
she was like, so I knew you were passionate about social justice issues, but you seemed really hurt by what she said
hahahahahahahhaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
YOURE TRASH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
she is
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
she is your mother
thats so fucking perfect
It's a classic joke
she is dude
that's trash
YOURE TRASH
John blames her for matts illness getting worse
DONT EVER REPEAT THAT
EVER
oh no
but it's true
i wont
hahaha
i promise
*pinky promise*
he won't even interact with her though dude
as a psychiatrist
he is like
She is the reason your family is such a fucking case
she ruined all of you in some way
and he's right
yes dude
they do NOT like one another
lol
the matriarch that damaged the entire family
in different ways
for each person
Yep
its okay though
i have broken free
i am free now
you are almost there
youre so close to true freedom
I WAN TO BREAK FREE EEE
I WANT TO BREAAAAK FREE
i love that song haha
I WANT TO BREAK FREE FROM YOUR LIES YOURE SO SELF-SATISFIED I DON'T NEEEEE EED YOU
It is your anthem
lol
YES
IT IS
I AM MY OWN MAN/WOMAN
I AM
HUNDER
HAHAHAHAHA
ye hunder
ye u r
CALL ME
HUNDRON
BECAUSE IM A BALLING MACHIIIINE
I make hundos like the us mint, soooon
OPTIMUS DIME
LOLOLOL jesus
I am chuggin this giant bottle of water
STAY HYDRATED
in hopes to replenish myself
the driver was like
hahahaha you were so sloppy drunk
loool
wow, you sure got that bottle quick
i was like
yeah man
HAHA
I was
Iike
I have been pretty drunk at your place
but I had no idea that wine would have a worse effect on me than whiskey
it almost makes no sense
like, you became me basically dude
wait what
haha
you were just
talking about your carnal desires
and cuddling
so hard
I feel like I have this weird shift when I get that drunk
like I become really exaggerated
hahaha
in everything I do
dude
i feel like my whole life
i exxagerate my personality
exaggerate
I used to do the exact opposite
but I sucked at it
hahahaha
I diminished my personality
Then I became okay with it
and then I drink and I'm likke somebodyyyy FUUUuuuuuUUUck me wanna talk about critical theory
Dude that's why it feels so freeing because I was sort of already "coming to terms" with the fact that i was different and didnt know why or how
so I was just trying to roll with it
I wanted to be comedicv
like, i didnt want people to see me as male or female
I just wanted to emphasize my personality
and show that i have that
I mean that's what defines you
gender identity just helps you to validate your personality
which is important
self validation
i think
i agree totally
like, sometimes i just want to sit and think
"man, im fucking awesome"
just to make myself feel good
noit to be a douche but
i think its nice to love yourself
I love myself
I don't think I'm the greatest ever
but there are definitely aspects of myself to like
YOURE SUPERIOR
THAN THE OTHERS
more superior than
i guess
hahaha
Not like superiority
like
I think like
okay
I'm okay with how smart I am, I think I'm decently attractive, I'm kind of funny
I like myself
but I don't feel superior to anyone
If anything I have an inferiority complex
EXCEPT YOU AND CHRIS BECAUSE I KICKED YOUR ASSES AT ARM WRESTLING
well stop it
HOLY SHIT
you have to understand
you asre better than most people
hahaha
YOU GUYS ARE NOT STRONG
to me, youre better than all people
i hate you
for that
hahahahaha
chris then said I was lean
he did
and would eat me if he had to resort to eating a person
i said, like lean prok
prok
YES
PORK
YOU DID
Hhahahaha
THERES SOMETHING INSIDE YOU
dude i feel like i have
ITS HARD TO EXPLAIN
super powers
have i gone bad?
hahahahaha
THEYRE TALKING ABOUT YOU BOY
BUT YOURE STILL THE SAAAME
so I was thinking about the whole gender fluidity thing
I feel like sexuality is the same way
right now
at this point in my life
I have a gender preference
but not a requirement
but that's subject to change
Yea dude, just be a fluid being
fluidity is the best thing a person can have
I think everyone kind of is
especially someone who likes both genders
like because everything
is a spectrum/ continuum
ect
like
nothing is ever cut and dry
yes
i love it
just a flowing glower man
thats why i have loved deadsy partly
they sing a lot about
gender not being a thing
and our souls all being a flowing mass
constantly
"back when gender crossed me"
theyre saying we should disregard gender if we want because hey, in the afterlife, youre a fucking soul
even in now life
you are a soul
sold
hjahahaha
look at dem angry birdz
tryin to shit on erry word
"GUYS THERES DOLPHINS OUT THERE" -me at work in two weeks
I LOVE MYKKI BLANCO
hahahahahaha
that is you
WHAT
hahahahaha
mykki
what
even
no
what yo usaid
is you
yes
I said that out of order
hahahahaha
BUT THE DOLPHINS
THE DOLPHINS MAN
OMG
this billboard said
well
it had a frightened child looking off
and it said
AVOIDING EYE CONTACT IS THE FIRST SIGN OF AUTISM, ONE OF MANY
like
OKAY
wut
THANKS FOR THE UPDATE
HAHAHAHAHAH
ALL TEENS ARE AUTISTIC
COUGHING IS ONE SIGN OF LUNG DISEASE
WATCH FOR IT
ALL TEENS
sneet
snootch
dude
fucking repticon
genghis khans tit
will be
IN MY CITY
I don't know what that is
I CAN VEND REPTICON
THIS IS HOW I WILL MAKE MY LIVING
is it like the big one
ITS HUGE
also
THERE ARE LIKE A MILLION REPTILE SHOWS THERE
I CAN ACTUALLY MAKE A LIVING THERE WITH GECKOS
you will be able to
that's so awesome
theres just opportunity at literally every single turn
and you know, i have not stopped working my ass off for 3 years
to get to this
and for some reason, i still cant believe it
i cant believe this is my life
Hard work often gets you somewhere
haha
also
It's soo cold on this bus
IM SHIVERING
SHIVVVVERRINGGGG
also I just drank a liter of iced cold water
SHIVER AWAY
im unfriending so many people dude
hahahahaha
i hate them all
I unfriend someone new every day
literally
almost
like
a lot
but not every day
you get it
yes dude
if i see something that makes me go
"who the fuck are you, you idiot"
they are removed
there are a lot of trevor-esq people that get the unfriend
posting stuff that just like
uhghgh
yes
hahahaha
trevor dude
what a nut job
like
jesus
so
remember when i first started talking to josh and i messaged him on FB and he said "this is literally the worst way to talk to me"
i sent him a FB message for the first time in almost 2 years hahaha
and he has actually been conversing with me via FB
which is really fucking weird
talking to him about the theraputic uses of ecstasy hahaha
there are PLENTY
depression
i know
PTSD
he is agreeing
THIS IS MY LIFE
this is surprisingly...not an argument...
he has sort of stopped arguing with me like that
good
hahaha
yea it's normalizing
i think he thought i would be different
and then its like
oh shit, shes not an idiot
shes not fawning over me
"i actually have to try"
lolol
he was expecting my codependency to play in his favor
but its gone now
http://imgur.com/gallery/731Td
dude seriously read this http://imgur.com/gallery/ZVjkS
just realized that the first powerful male i ever identified with was Darth Maul
http://imgur.com/gallery/aiThVB6
Can't wait to prefer to night #weddiingsinger #clog#summer
im dying
Hahhahaha
#clog
holy shit dude who does this look like https://www.facebook.com/covergirl/photos/a.425348545864.205687.74506070864/10152527847045865/?type=1&theater
my mood confused #usa
http://imgur.com/gallery/1or7Lvu
What the
hahahahaha
nan
ok
wanna he a funny sotri
What do I do about this texting
dude listen
ok
omg
Wat
bella is textin g me at like 2 am
what is that about
also
It turns out I am a mean person
i am so drun
She misses having someone who gives a shit about her. Also. What. Haha
that
some du hti just fucking got two sconds from havin his way with me, and just for the pleasure of it i was like "get off, leave, don't come back"
and then bella textd mee
and was
jike
HAHAHAHA WHAT
WILL FOTE wrote this episode of that 70s sho
what dude?
people in fuckin band are crazy dude
jesus fuck
i could not liv in morgantown
i could not function
i hav been drunk gort three days
i am groot
motha man
I am ignoring bella and it kind of gets me off
knowing that she is sittinh aroun thinking about whether i answer what she ays
like im not involved emotionally
i just thin she deserves to be unhappy for a moment
I'm going to michael you here. "Stop. I don't care." Stop responding to her.
I didn't anyway
not once
I spent literally all day with josh and I am going to miss him so much. He told me to tell him about all of my adventures while I'm gone. He's so nice to me.
thats so nice
I know, he definitely connected with me on a deep emotional level this evening and now its sort of unsaid but we are definitely going to still be a thing after I leave
"Definitely"
I feeel powerful as a humn being
Hahaha
ME TOO
POWER
YES
literally
hahaha
never did I think I would be getting head on joy wangs coucjh. this is what my lif has become
srsly
america
megfone
ehundaiy
tamy
oh no
Do not text me while you are getting head on joy Wang's couch
You cretin
someone keeps trying to fuck me
and I do NOT want to fuck this person
not at al
jezix
FUCK NO
AND WHY DO BELLA AND BILLIE MURRAY WANT TO KEEP TALKING TO ME
I am a crtin
jesus fuck
this guy was li
keth
Dude
Dude
"d o uhate me"
ARE YOU KIDDING
LEAVE ME ALONE
You have become oversexed
Kind of
I jut now put clothes on, ihvv not had anything on for like 7 hours
hahahaha
Dude
I can't condone that type of behavior
I AM HAPPY
Seems very risky and just bad, but that's just my opinion
I am responsible
i hav e npt fucked anyone
that isnt saying much
You're talking like Kendall but worse
And have been
Hahaha
I don't even talk about my sex life with you
Because you hate it and won't listen
So
Chill out lol
because i am literally so digusted by josh i cn not vebalize it
thhat is why
also i am dr unk as shit
so
whatver i am saying
i am so sotryrrryyy
I love you
NO ONE GETS WHY I WANT TO BE LEFT ALONE
I LIKE ALONE TIME
I WILL LEAVE YOU ALONE NOW
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT BEST BUD
< 3
Lol be safe
You be safe
hows it goin
pretty good.  had a blast yesterday and then we hatched out a new amazing baby so im in good spirits
awesome!
Have you sold any other animals?
nope, dont really need to anymore, our money is just fine somehow haha
that's a nice coincidence haha
sweet
I CANT BELIEVE we are leaving town friday
I am so excited but I also want to cry
i know dude
like
gah
the only person im truly going to miss that will still be in charleston is josh
i know
mine is you
and you're leaving
hahaha
well yea youre #1 obviously, but youre not going to be here
lol
that's what I'm saying
we're both saying good bye to wes by god
im excited lol
i have to pack
i dont want to
I am coming back on saturday because it's my friend anthonys birthday, and i also need to buy a bed before i sleep in cbus hahahaha
also
I AM NOT READY TO BE AN ADULT
NOT ONE BIT
I don't know how you do it
haha well, i dont really know how i do either
i have good friends to support me
and i just work
i get into a regimen and stick to it
I am in this weird intermittent period of maturity where I'm just kind of floating in the ether between being a student and having a job and bills to pay
so I don't have to fully let go hahha
i know dude hahaha
but you can be an adult vicariously through me
O.O
I CAN.
AND I WILL.
hahahaha
I am so happy recently dude. I thought I couldn't be any happier, but it turns out I can be.
such a weird feeling
can i ask you a question
I have an idea
yes
tell me and ask
snapchat is such a casual thing. Would it be weird, If I approached this "issue" of mine by adding him on snapchat-even though he didn't actually give me his name on there? It almost seems like a really detached way to get to know someone
yes i would do that
like on a scale of 1-10 how weird is it to hit that "add" button if someone hasn't given you their info? haha
I am okay with a certain threshold
maybe like a 3, very low
hahaha
I will do this: later this evening i will just hit that add button, I'll wait until that time that people usually are just at home not doing anything
yes
be like
passive about it
haha
dude, josh lost one of my wooden plugs.  the ones ive had for like 5 years
he tore apart the whole place looking for it, it just disappeared
awh no!
I think I know which one you're talking about
that was a high school purchase. like early high school
jhaha
dude michael tighe bought those for me
OH MY
haha
when i told him that, he was like, oh i dont feel as bad anymore, ill just get you a new pair
yeah that works
hahaha i hand sanded and oiled those things
fuck
#hand #sanded #hands #handed
hahahaha
i am rap
you am dap
I love aubrey plaza
have you seen safety not guaranteed?
I have not. But I am about to take a nap.
enjoy your nap yo
Will do yo
#yo
guess what has happened to me
My cab never came to take me to the bus station, and I'm stranded up here.
-____________-
What the fuck
I called the dispatch like 10 times
they ignored the call
I called two hous ahead of time for the cab
ANTICIPATING this
and STILL
I was supposed to work tomorrow
What the fuck man :/
Is someone getting you?
no
no one can
but
What the hell.
I'm taking the bus tomorrow at 6
pm
I had to call my supervisor and it was like the most idiotic reason to take of work I didn't even want to explain it all
because I could only get three shifts this week anyway
I would go get you if I wasn't so afraid of Columbus at night lolol, the interstates ruin my life
dude I'm in morgantown
haha
you did freak that one time
Hahaha
Wait so how far is that?
2 1/2 hours away about.
Dammit haha I would get back at 1 am
Yeah exactly haha
I want to go but Chris would not accompany me
To be honest I'm kinda okay with this. I was sad I had to leave. Haha
You should go with me like wednesday after work to look for some furniture. I think that's what in doing this week
I may be able to. We have to pack so much dude I hate it D:
I know. I'm sorry :(
Dude today josh messaged me and said our vice president "slandered" him and that he wants to leave but doesn't know what to do with his life
what do you mean
He was pretty upset, he didn't explain. He actually sent me a crying sad face. I feel like I accidentally signed on to something last night.
what d oyou mean
I don't know exactly but I like fell asleep cuddling him and he kept telling me how beautiful I am and how perfect and how he has so much fun with me and how he is going to miss me, it has progressed to emotional dependence I think. At least on his end.
eoe
wow
*
yeah
that seems kind of intense
Like, he is in love with me to some degree at least. He told me not to end up like him, and almost cried, and then hugged me like he was holding onto life itself.
hmmm
I wouldn't like that
If i didn't love someone and they loved me
I would be done
haha
i mean you don't have much more time with him htough
I don't know how I feel about this. I haven't been able to talk to anyone about it really.
well
"say what you need to say"
Hahahaha
Take me seriously now please, for like ten minutes lolol
ok ok ok
But he has given me the best advice while I've been around him, he obviously cares quite a bit about me and is decently protective over me. It makes me feel really nice. It seems he really appreciates me and honestly I have a whole lot of fun with him, and he is VERY similar to me behaviorally
hm
ok
well
what do you "make" of that
i like him a lot but right now im in no position to use the term "love"
and in no position to commit to anything
but he isnt asking me to
all i know for sure is that when im with him, im happy
but i wouldnt act on that simply because it wouldnt be healthy
and I think you're not at the point in your life where you're searching for that singular person either
Loving him would almost be irrelevant due to this fact anyway
yes, exactly.  but that's the only reason i would consider any sort of long term relationship, because it would be non committal and i have already told him that i am NOT focusing on finding a family and settling down right now, thats partially why chris and i arent working
I still think chris in some way or another thinks thats what needs to be
that whole settling down family thing
but you do have to consider this
you are making all of these great changes in your life at 20
he is 25, and has barely scratched the surface of what you have been able to combat intrapersonally
He must feel "rushed"
like he is "behind" or something
i know dude, it feels like he is behind me.  josh actually asked me what im looking for in another person, after talking to me about why chris and i dont work.  i basically told him i need someone with goals and a good work ethic. im tired of pulling all of the weight
I mean chris is like your subaverage joe
just enough to get by
okay with settling
you are not
JAJA
yes
correct
i will not settle
I won't either
i mean, i think i deserve someone who works like me
not anymore at least
right
we are good people!
we are cool!
hahaha
I have all of my confidence back and I know what I deserve
YES
WE DESERVE EXCELLENCE
We are #cool #teens!
we r!
m8
lolol
im watching beck perform debra in 1997
i obught this time machine
its pretty cool
time
hahahaha
what even is
"time"
HMMM???
WHERE IS YOUR GOD NOW
hes out
hahaha
"he'll be back later"
avacoda
hahahaha why
to
dude the other day chris told me his goal is still to marry me one day, he was like "it will happen"
help meeee hahaha
ew
see
I have goals
i hate feeling like my life is even slightly predetermined
but they're like "find a vaccine for schizophrenia"
not like
have a baby
like
nothing personal
or emotional
because that stuff just happens anyway
why would you need to fixate on it
you meet people
you have intimate relationships
why obsess over it
exactly, thats background shit for while real life is happening
to me at least
No for everyone
most people do not get so obsessive
i just want to have adventures
and truly get the full experience out of life
me too
you cant do that while tied down to a house and kids
its just not possible
chris just has this weird patriarchal complex that is super internalized and probably wont go away unless he MAKES it go away
i know dude
like
gah
like I know what he wants
like
a family to provide for, and a wife that makes him dinner
hahaha
dude he's bveen making fun of me for stupid things and he obviously still cant deal with the josh thing. like, he was making fun of my "scabby knees" and then said something about it being rug burn, even though that sounds insane.  i was pissed
just ignore him
hahaha
who cares what he thinks about your actions
they belong to you
thats really true, i can do what i want
i just
cant talk about certain aspects
or he will cry, puke, or yell at me
lol
what do you mean
OH
hahaha
I am so glad I'm over bella for the most part dude. I mean I don't  see a need to, but I could have a conversation with her like that
we are at that "adult" level of interacting
right
im jealous of that
chris is being a baby
i cant say anything at all
he is a little bit of a baby
but
I mean
he may grow out of it
but he's 25
he should have gornw out of it
he still may
thats what im saying haha
i mean
i dont know dude
i dont know if i could ever fully commit to him
hes just
a little bit of a bitch
yeah his personality doesn't quite match with yours
you don't want two personalities that are very strong
but you don't want like
one introvert and one extrovert type of thing
there's a nice middle ground
right
i agree
so dude
like
I have an issue
tell me
yes
my turn.
go
I hooked up with this guy last night, who in retrospect, I'm not really even attracted to at all. I was just super drunk. And he spent all night like talking to me and saying like REALLY nice things about me, like maybe a little past flirting (?). But I kept just like nodding my head and saying things like "oh yeah we would definitely be good friends, we'll hang out next time I'm here." but it was like, him talking about how interesting I was, pretty like overtly sexual stuff, ect ect. I have been talking to him all day, but just as a friend. WHY is it, that people can't separate emotions from things? It makes it really awkward. I do not know how to handle this situation hahaaha
I was like "oh yeah send me your snap chat name"
someone I could definitely be friends with
but
he definitely has a weird thing for me obviously
haha
so
well
I JUST WANT FRIENDSHIPS
i dont know dude, some people cant have a non emotional sexual relationship
i just now have gotten to the point of being able to
but mine fialed
hahahaha
*failed
Turns out, I can. haha. shockingly enough
dude
you know something I have realized recently
?
Bella was just...bad at sex in every aspect. It was so boring and unimaginative that I didn't even look forward to it. There was almost this element that was like "fake passion" where she tried so hard to be into it and it was just not sincere, haha
that's odd
i feel like
for the last year
all sex with chris has been forced
I get what you mean
except now, sex is actually more exciting now that im not tied to him
yeah word
hahaha
I am not sure if I'm gonna drink again tonight, but This conversation kind of makes me want to. Will my liver and kidneys fail if I get drunk four nights in a row?
dude you should take a night of and drink a bunch of water lol
My routine has been like....get drunk...wake up...take b vitamins and drink water all day...repeat
I kind of want to stop
but I kind of like having zero inhibitions
I kind of have that without alcohol
but not as much hahaha
lolol i dont know man, i just hate alcohol so much
its so damaging
It can be yeah
hahaha
REALLY much so
I just have not felt so free in a long time
and I have wine to thank for that.
*wine gods rejoice*
lol wine
wine is great
ive stopped doing drugs a lot now though
hahaha
i mean thats whatever
like, im happy all of the time
haha
good
so i dont need stuff
dude when I was so wasted when you and chris came over
oh my god
oh my god that was bad
yes
hahahahaha
hahaha
dude
What HAPPENED
do you remember texting me last night?
because
we haven't even discussed this
hahahaha
NO
I DONT
WHAT
you did
HAHAHAHA
OH NO
WHAT DID I SAY
YOU TOLD ME
OH NO
OH NO
you said you were getting head on a couch hahahahahaha
OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA
I PROBABLY WAS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BUT WHY WOULD I SHARE THAT
I WAS LIKE
MICHAEL
CALM DOWN
DONT MESSAGE ME WHILE YOURE GETTING HEAD
STOP
KAY THANKS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
loooooooooooooooool
OH MY GOD THAT IS SO FUNNY
JESUS
i know dude
im dying
you sent like
so mnay unrelated textes
texts
hahahaha
I'm going to go to them
do it
I don't know what to expect
read them
i told you
that you are oversexed
hahahahahahahahaha
someone keeps trying to fuck me
and I do NOT want to fuck this person
not at al
jezix
FUCK NO
HAHAHAHA
then  I said
I WISH BELLA AND BILLIE MURRAY WOULD LEAVE ME ALONE I DONT WANT THIS
I was also on tumblr
HAHAHAHA
and i reblogged this like
really cheesy like
quote thing
that was like
HAHA
SHOW ME
WHAT DOES IT SAY
"is it possible to be medically addicted to another human being"
or something
and at fucking 2 am
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
billie reblogs this
and I was like OH NO
lool
HELL NO GIRL WE FRIENDS
but she is always like
"here's a selfie of me"
"I like it when you send me things drunk"
hahahaha
and I'm like
OK
jesus
hahahaha
dude like
youre getting so much potential ass right now
I have kind of realized recently
that I'm sort of pretty
and I can have so much potential ass
Thanks alcohol
i have realized that my face is sort of boyish but i can roll with that, make up helps me look feminine when i want, and dudes who like thick chicks CANNOT get enough of me, so i could rule the world if i play my cards right hahaha
HAHAHAHA
dude the fucking call center supervisor or whatever hit on me the other day
like, made a pass at me so hard
hahahaha
he is a christian rapper
covered in tattoos
-.-
and I'm literally the opposite I've realized both guys and girls enjoy that I'm a little bit feminine, and I actually do have a really nice face contrary to what I thought, and people like touching it
and OH MY GOD
EW
SHUT IT DOWN
SHUT IT DOWN HUNDER
FOUR RED FLAGS
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
CHRSITIAN
I WAS LIKE
NO
CHRISTIAN RAPPER
he said
COVERED IN TATS
he told me
you should smile more.  you have a beautiful smile
and i was like
its just my resting bitch face
and walked off
you don't have resting bitch face
bella did
I know what it looks like
you don't have it
you are really smiley
not like teeth smiley
but
you know what I'm saying
DUDE
even when you're sad you look kind of happy
HELP ME HERE
hahahaha
?
i look "innocent" apparently
but
no u hav gauges
brb I want a beer
josh says i do this weird smile where i dont open my mouth and it looks like sarcastic and sort of mean
i dont know what hes talking about
hahahaha
you do
larry david
question
Haha go
when is the right time to come out to bella
I feel like she may figure it out on her own soon
and I am not sure that that owuld becool of me to let happen
I would just tell her lol
ok
I'll do it now.
Tell me her reaction lol
I will.
her and emily dusic haeve been sending me pictures of me as a scene kid
like
with a beanie
smoking a joint
with too many necklaces
Hahahahaha
ITS PAINFUL
I hated that
Sorry
I was bad too
Lololol
I DRESSED LIKE SHIIIIIITTTTTTTTTT
AND LOOKED GRIMYYYY
I HAD THIS YELLOW BEANIE
IT WAS SO BRIGHT
AND I ALWAYS WORE IT
wHYy
Yes you did
And huge plugs
Hemp bracelets
Everywhere
i jsut sent her a text
you know
now that I'm getting more comfortable with myself
it wasn't THAT hard
it was hard to type
but It was managable
I was okay with what I said
Yea I mean, she'll get over it haha
I don't even think there's anything to get over
I just tried to make it clear that she
she shouldn't reevaluate our romantic history, because it's a good one that I kind of cherish you know. I don't want her to think that it changes anything that we had.
Yea I totally understand that.
she hasn't answered ._.
Laaame
what if like
this was so hard
like she cried
or somthing
what if I upset her
I didn't intend to do that if I did
Holy shit dude
I missed my appointment with john today
Fuuuuuck
I feel so bad
what happened
I guess I just forgot about it.  All the stuff going on D:
the text didn't send
I followed up
with something else
and she seemed confused
It didn't send properly
WHAT DO I DO
Dude what if John hates me now lol that's what I'm concerned about. Plus I won't have enough medication. Although I haven't been needing klonopin.
that's not even
he doesn't hate you
I don't know that!
Tell him I'm really sorry
I mean I can't
that's crossing a line
hahaha
i dk
Fuck well
Shit
Lol
ok bella got it
she's reading it
Hahahaha
Wait for it
she was really sweet
because
we are both adults
and we are friends
SEE HOW EASY IT IS HUNDER
Hahaha I'm so jealous
Although I "get to" have sex with Chris still
So I guess I get to eat all the cake
Hahaha
I don't want to have sex with bella
I thought I was clear on that
*lolz*
HAHAHA
dying
Well I don't WANT to have sex with Chris but I mean
Its something to do
Lololol
I feel like maybe that's not nice but I mean, I was clear with my intentions
you were
but he is a mess still
those were probably foggy to him
haha
Hahaha I have had to rehash everything like three times
If he is unclear on something
He is delusional
He messaged me making fun of josh today
And I was like, shut up, I like him
i hate when people try to sell things on facebook
not like your reptiles
but like
old clothes
and perfumes
Yes hahaha dude there are people at work that sell like
Scented oils
Hahahaha
SCENTSY
haha yeah  i have some work fb friends who do that
really way too into fb yardsale type of folks
That's so funny to me like
You plebe
Get out ta here with that
Middle of the mall shit
Damn
middle of the mall shit
hahaha
Word up son
I'm sorry my male personality is
Odd
To say the least
The things that come through my head have to be verbalized though hahaha
Do I idealize people
?
Umm maybe a little bit
I think I do
nan
I have idealized someone I don't even know on a personal level at all and I am so sad because I don't know them but I can't tell if what I feel is based completely on what I want them to be
Does that make sense
Yes I understand and have been there many times
Strangely though
Normally the way I see people
Is close to or exactly how they turn out to be
I am so sad right now and I don't know if it's artificial
He's kind of mean and pretty self absorbed and pretentious. Like so different from me. Why am I so sad
Because you've idealized him as the perfect person lol
But like I know everything I just said is true. Yet I still want him. I actually don't think I've been this sad about it. I'm having to face that it won't happen. It's not like I really tried to find out anyway
:/ can we talk tomorrow? I definitely need some sleep
Yes. I'm just going to drink and cry. That's what I need to do. Go to sleep
hi
Hi dere
I'm sorry I left you hangin
Friend
it's okay. You needed to sleep
I probably did too actually
Yes I'm sure haha
Dude my kidneys hurt
Or so shit
I need all the water
I kind of understand that
hahaha
Like when you stand up there's a sharp generalized pain in the area
no that's gas or phantom pain or you were at a fight club and got kidney punched
Can you ache for water?
hahaha
like
IN your kidneys
HAHAHA
yes sort of
Its real pain
It happens on occasion
dude why am I still sad. I hate to complain but I cried for like an hour before I could fall asleep. I am still REALLY sad.
whenever i cry a lot it almost feels like sadness slowly leaving my body
maybe thats what youre working on
I don't think it is
I just want to be over this
because It's pretend
it isn't real
well your feelings and thoughts are very real, as well as your expectations
i would just say maybe dont set your expectations as high
but honestly, my main advice for this issue would be to put it on the back burner and sort of forget about it.  tend to it when you have time but focus on something else.  that's how i dealt with this when it happened to me.
my expectations are always too high. Like right now they even aren't that high comparatively, but there is such a slim chance that he has even thought about me like this, but not even that it's not as if he would talk about it because everyone who knows him says he's very closed off and has very few friends and doesn't like to talk about things
sounds very similar to something i dealt with for a very long time haha
the brooding, no friends guy
the hardest one to snare
its hard to get people to reciprocate feelings or thoughts when they are purposefully trying to close people out
which is exactly whats happening
i know
so maybe
listen to me on this one
haha
ok
this is definitely a long term project and youre just now realizing that, you can choose to give up or continue.  youre about where i was when josh told me he would never date me
Maybe even further back because you know, I haven't talked to him haha
yes this would be where
i messaged him on FB
and he was like, this is the worst possible way to talk to me
and was sort of rude
lol
who knows, it's somewhere in there
what im saying is, you have to become close to him before anything can happen
sadly
lol
I would kind of be okay with just casual sex. that way I get get over it but still have my cake and eat it too. which is also why I would be okay with "no" because I could just....get over it
but it's obviously much deeper than that for me
and it has been for a long long time
right, exactly
which is why this is gonna take time
you might as well look elsewhere for a bit
in the meantime
start talking to him
about common interests
not sex
dont even bring up anything sexual or anything like that
yeah you're right
let him do it
I think it would be really easy to get drunk and fuck him. that's easy in general. all you need is to be drunk and want to have sex. that's not the ultimate goal here though so that's not worth it
hahaha yea dont do that
He's just so different from me. It's like everyone I want to be with is pretty different from me.
he may seem different now, but you and i are pretty narcissistic.  if you like him this much, it's because you recognize something that you like a lot and probably display, yourself
YOURE RIGHT
that is a really true fact
yes, i am JUST learning this because i have like josh for over a year and only a month ago have i been actually able to get to know him
and we are quite similar
there are a million things about him that I like and they all seem so different from me but maybe they aren't so different
right
you just see them as different because he is "unattainable" currently
I talked to someone about this and they told me to settle last night which really made me mad. as if like there's no way I would have a "chance"
they dont know you, whoever it is lol
i know that you could have whoever you wanted but youre frustrated because you want him NOW
i know lol
I DO
haha yes this is going to take some time but will probably be worth it in the end
then again, always be aware
and i have had to tell myself this
that anyone who holds you off for that long
is at least a little bit of an asshole
haha
which i am so fine with
I kind of like that in a person
yes
me as well
a challenge
it's just
someone who doesnt let others walk on them
here's why I keep getting told that this isn't happening
and you tell me what you make of this
okay
first off, this probably wasn't cool to do lol
but
kiefer went through joys texts, found out I came out by reading things I had said to her, and then was like "well, that makes sense." That was interpreted as general disinterest because like his eyes didn't light up like a little kid at a candy shop. Which I think is a sweeping generalization especially considering how closed off he is
like what was expected? "OH NO IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOREVER"

No, just, no.
Is that the only possible sign of interest? Explicit and undeniable enthusiasm?
Hahaha well
Let me think about this
I mean guys like that don't show if they're interested
Even if he was he wouldn't have said so
That's what I'm saying
based on what she told me
his response
doesn't say ANYTHING
Right
The worst thing he could of said was like, "wow that's weird" or maybe something worse, but he kept it pretty neutral with an undertone of "I've thought about this before"
Yea I mean...josh is still pretending to be interested in other girls here just to throw people off
Lol
jesus
haha
of course he is
Lolol he told mike he wants to fuck this new girl
HAHAHA
And I asked him about it and he's not interested
Hahaha
that is weird haha
I didn't tell him I knew of course
I just brought her up
right
yeah
I getcha
but yea so
expect him to throw you off
it comes down to this I think...
he obviously is like that from what youve told me
We haven't been good friends in a lot of years...however, we have seen each other and we have talked all through our lives periodically. If he's ever felt anything for me, it would be worth pursuing. I think it makes sense. It's not like he seemed surprised anyway.
there's also that chance that he read further back than I thought and knows...a lot more than what I think he does. Which would be bad right now because nothing came of it
haha
but he didn't seem to know specifics
nah if he read back that far he would have said something about it or contacted you about it
but he wouldn't have
HOwever
he porbably would have said something about it
he would have had to go pretty far back  I think
you're probably right
i think it's way too early for you to be able to analyze much.  it sounds like he also understands analyzing people, otherwise he would be more open with his thoughts.
he isnt giving people stuff to go by
Like I said he's very private
not close with many people here
right
honestly from what i knew of keifer it sounds like he has changed a lot
so i can only go by what you tell me
I can tell you what I like about him and you tell me if it makes sense based on what you know about me, which I think it does based on my past relationships haha
that is what's going to happen
okay
tell me
So obviously I'm really attracted to him..like if I could think of what the ideal guy would look like, it would be every aspect of him. He's a music performance major, which means he's artsy and also kind of a geek, but he's going to law school which means he's smart. But he's more interested in living a comfortable lifestyle than being philanthropic, which is different than me. I see him as the side of myself that's selfish, and it makes me want to be with him. He's like really into fashion I think, and I've never once laid eyes on him and didn't think about how good he looks/how ridiculously put together he is. He's got a good sense of humor and it's not hard to make him laugh. He has this huge dog that is so close with him that he like wimpers if they aren't in the same room together, which is probably the cutest thing ever.
I think I just touched the surface here, or maybe that's all.
hahaha those all sound like good things, sounds like stuff i would totally be interested in.  the fact that he is working so hard towards his goals and values luxury is A+++
I agree. That is a huge turn on. But based on my own observations, he's more interested in the lifestyle that goes with being successful rather than the success itself. Which is different than what I think, but is it, really?
I talked to joy about this, and her thing was like "he probably wouldn't support you in things like you'd want if something were to happen"
It is in some small aspects but honestly both focuses bring the same results
like the selfishness/introvertedness I guess
and yeah you're right
dude for one second before i forget, let me vent a little and possibly you can offer advice
I think we are both the kind of people who know exactly what we want. It makes us sound obsessive or hyper determined, but we just already know.
and go ahead
yes i agree 100% anbd that relates to what im saying here honestly.  this whole thing where josh is really unhappy with his job but has NO idea what else he would do...i feel totally helpless. like, i honestly have no idea what to even suggest he do.  he is completely lost and unhappy and i dont like it.
That one is tough
he said leaving VA Beach was the biggest mistake he has ever made
because this is all he has evern known
and he hates himself for it
right
you can switch like that
you are young
you've been at tm for two and some odd years
he has spent his whole "adult" life there
how would he handle this?
exactly, so its very frustrating
handle what? moving?
making a huge life change
in general
he is VERY routine
yes
exactly
i think that's the problem
but i dont know how to go about helping him
i suggested he apply at another call center because of his experience
but he hates working at a call center
that would work well
Being a supervisor gives a lot of weight to your resume
tell him to apply for a management/assistant management job at like a large office supply chain or electronics store if he's unhappy with work.
that's not totally out of reach at all, plus those are very good jobs
i feel like he is spoiled and probably will only work where he can dress how he wants.  the one job he did mention was working at a record store.  he just wants to do something he enjoys.
hm
interesting
well
I don't know how that would work for him
that would be a big change
i know.  im kind of worried that he is seeing me do all the things he wish he could have, and really our life paths are strangely similar with the exception of my better decision making
I had this conversation yesterday
he is jealous of my vicious entrepreneurial spirit
all of the doors you get to pick in lfie
like say there are three
all of them lead to your ultimate fate, and you wil llikely end up happy at some point. But there's one thats "more" correct. There's one choice in life that you could make that would change EVERYTHING. You NEVER know if you've made it until you look back and realize you hadn't.
yas
exactly!
i feel like
this is probably the only time he will have a reason to get out of charleston
and to be quite frank
i would enjoy having him in VA
I get that
i dont want him to miss this pivotal point in time
where he cares enough to do something
and not know what to do
he may be at that "point" again
it happens several times in your life
where you have to pick a door
and there isn't a wrong answer
but like I said
there's one that's more rewarding
i just wish i could help in some way but at the same time
i dont want to get too close?
yeah
that's a good point
don't help TOO much
because you will be makign an emotionall contribution that's far beyond what you've made before
and who knows what will happen
like not in a negative way
but like
you really don't know
exactly.  also i dont want him to think im trying to manipulate him. i really do just want him to be happy.  also if i encourage him moving to VA, that will make it look like i want him to move with ME.
MY point exactly
encourage him to do what makes him happy
don't suggest anything
that keeps up a certain wall that needs to be there while at the saem tiem being a good freind
can we briefly talk about how I kind of got really upset when I learned robin williams had died
like legitimately upset
WTF DUDE
dude
like
when i learned
josh had just told me he wished he had killed himself
and then he was like, robin williams killed himself
OH NO
OH NO
yep
wonderful timing
NO
NO NOT NO AT ALL NOT NO
STRANGE CHOICE
dude
fucking marks de whatever
like
everyone has been sharing photos from their favorite robin williams films
and he fucking shared disney's flubber and made it his like background
seriously
hahahahaha
dude
people have been making robin williams their profile photo
what is this
1995?
so my work systems are broken
my boss is gone
and im the only one here
no work is getting done
fuck this
they blovked imgur, my bvery last website for boredom D:
well you're i nthe home stretch
so
i know but i have 2 more days
-.-
and dude
josh told me is going to come over to my desk and say good bye "because im his friend"
and im dreading it
IT WILL BE SO AWKWARD
of course it has to be a "thing"
i know dude, he tried to get me to come say bye to him thursday and i kept saying "no, nope, thats weird, id rather not"
so he was finally like, fine ill come to you
GAH
then everyone in the office has to sit there looking at him like, dude are you serious?
DUDE
I called yellowcab
???
my driver from yesterday
WAS FIRED
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
YES
thats crazy dude
oh, i have some awesome news
ok
share
i was going to have to drive my dad's van with our trailer, unpack, and then come back and get my subaru, all on friday
but-
but thankfully, my dad is going to drive the van himself so i can just follow him down
that's awesome!
i have the best dad, he almost makes up for my mom hahaha
He almsot does dude
one parent who is good is better than none
yep he is just happy im succeeding
in some way lol
I'm excited to move kind of now that I have the confidence to meet people
I'm certain he is
yes dude like
we are
just
jet setters
and we have to leave wv
loolol
I also am so stoked to get new furniture for my place so it doesn't look like a recycled motel 6 with a bunch of broken garbage
ME TOO DUDE IM GONNA GO TO IKEA, I SWEAR
IM THROWING OUT ALL OF MY FURNITURE
ALL OF IT
I WANT TO GO TO IKEA SO BADLY
The closest one to me is 1.5 hours away though
ALMOST WORTH IT
lol thats not too bad, but i guess it is without a car
will you ever be able to get your own car while in school?
No
unless my mom gets the new job she's applying for
that pays like 89k a year like HOLY GOD THAT IS SERIOUS $$
i bet she will
I helped her with her resume for like a week
She is over qualified compared to everyone else who applied
for my sake and for hers
she needs to get this job
yea dude
i think she will
I do too.
I could try and get a car out of my dad
I just need to get on good terms with him again
haha worth it though?
probably not
which I have already started doing
yes
oh shit
worth it
nice
I am his favorite child
get that money
lolol
for ALL THE WRONG REASONS
but I am
maria has nothing to show for herself
he hates matt because he's got a disability
I am the most "normal"
He can attach his name to whatever I accomplish
thats so fucked up. but brb i have to do some stupid work shit
WORK WORK WORK WORK
GO WORK
done, i think lol. had to delete some tweets.
hahaha ok
yea dude, that's "work" -.-
hahaha
i just want to fucking leave
i know that on my last day everyone is going to be over here pretending like they care about me
im so bored it hurts
that's lame
I've been sitting on this couch for two days
hahaha
dude im so jealous
i wish i could have my phone out
or watch a cartoon
SOMETHING
I'm cherishing this
because in about two weeks
I'm going to be so over scheduled that it will HURT my physically
D:
i have to pack 80 ish animal into CD cases and deli cups
CD case cases, rather lol
I am taking chemistry, biology, and physics all at once, and I have to study to test out of trig before school starts so I have like a week and a half which is like AH. and all of these classes have a lecture and a lab so every day is going to be caked in stress
CD cases?
hahah
what?
theyre plastic clam shell boxes that i put the babies in, we're using them for travelling
OH OH OH
okay
I gotcha
haha yes
but
your school week seems like hell
my biggest fear is getting lost on theinterstate and being late for work
oh no
yeah
that's a valid fear
try not to let it stress you
also
you NEED to contact johns office
explain yourself
like that was kind of unlike you
whenever i have a shit ton of responsibilities i tend to stop paying attention the background every day ones
its fucked up, i know
you proabbly need a prescription like
thats important
haha
no, i dont think i have time to see him and get one
i might just tell them im done? i dont know dude i feel like i dont need medication anymore
and that going to a psych is actually more stress for me
that is actually a common thought. Once you feel mroe stable you feel lik eyou don't need it. Even at your best, you usually still need it. Saying it causes "more stress" is an excuse not to take meds or talk to someone because it's simpler.
I've been super manic before and thought that
like you get that super self cofidence
everything is going well
but it doesn't last forever haha
just saying this out of concern
well i really dont have a time window to see him before i leave though
that's okay
dude im so ashamed
i dont want to call
i want to just
diosappear
I get that
It's happened to me before
It sucks
but you need to work something out with him
email corrospondance or something
that's what I do when I'm not able to see him
and he logs the emails in his notes
hm...can i have his email address?
I don't think I should give it to you. It doesn't feel right. I'll talk to my mom, or better yet talk to john about it for you first
yea like...dude i cant explain how much i hate phone calls.  earlier chris asked me to please call my dad, and as SOON as i read the word "call" my blood started boiling and i lost my shit on him
wow
i dont know what it is
i have such a high aversion to it
i used to
it would give me insane anxiety
HUGE FAVOR DUDE
HUGE FAVOR
what
haha
I'm going to be at the bus station at 9 pm. my mom is working a double shift and I have no one to pick me up. Woudl you be able to? or are you too busy? I understand if you cant\
i can totally pick you up lol
YAY
hahaha
we have to pack a lot tonight and tomorrow night
so ill be up
ok cool
mhmm for sure
dude im getting like, anxiety/excitement sweats
i wish i could do everything tonight
and just rip it off like a bandaid
lol
there's a lot of things I'd like to rip like a bandaid but sadly i cannot
life is easier that way
yea haha
im glad i get to see yuou again before we both leave
me too. Definitely. I wasn't sure if it would happen because of us both working and also having to pack haha
yea dude some hellacious stuff going on right now haha
? haha
just everything before we leave
even after w eleave
yeahhh
chris is like, super excited to get me to VA beach so he can try to cut me off from the world
and encourage "new beginnings"
of course, enc ourage "no josh"
he just sounds like he's bipolar and having a manic episode
but i've said this about him before
lol
yep
i told him today that his working out stuff is weird
that he went from 0 to 100 in 2 seconds
I don't like it honestly. I get it, but I don't like it haha. I don't know why!
it feels really forced to me. like, if i were to all of a sudden go crazy about dieting.  that would be weird.
it would be
also it would bother me because you're pretty body positive and i like that about you. I wouldn't want you to change
also this morning he told me i only like josh because he is "hot topic peter pan", which is hilarious but uncalled for
*philosophical objection*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahaha
HAHA
JESUS
I KNOW
hahahahahahhaha
it's funny
but not true
that's just a funny combination of words
we have different tastes. I don't find josh attractive like you do, but I don't think he looks like peter pan.
maybe hottopic
but like
late 90s hottopic
hahahahahaha
no he was saying like
actually he worked in hot topic
I GET IT HUNDER
for real
I know he did
in like 2007 or something
hahaha
dude he was wearing a fedora yesterday
and chris HAD to tell me about it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
SPARE ME
SPARE ME HUNDER
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHA
is it okay that i dont care?
because i dont care
under that horrid hat is a luscious mane of hair that chris does not have
and i never bring that up
chris has male pattern baldness i think........
......
......
....
...
.
a little
he definitely does dude
and like
hair is EVERYTHING to me
its ruining my life that he is balding
is that superficial?
i feel bad for it
no
I love hair
haha
I like good hair
I love my own hair and everyone elses
okay, thank you.  i swear, the fact that josh has all of his hair and takes care of it and uses products that i could benefit from is huge to me
HAHA right
i bought the shampoo he uses
he taught me about it
its the BEST CONDITIONER i have EVER used
I couldn't blowdry my hair today and almost had a panic attack
i would not know about ti haha
wtf
why
lolool
IT NEEDS TO LOOK A CERTAIN WAY
EVERY DAY
HAHAHA
well you no
sometimes
we have
"bad hair days"
not me though
lololol
yes am farmilyour
HAHA
also please dont forget to ask about the john thing
i would really love to get his email instead of calling
yeah sure thing
youre dee best
jesus chris hasnt even told our landlord that we're leaving friday -.-
I Want a car so badly now that I know what its' like to be stranded. but then I remember "insurance"
insurance is the worst ever
i hate it
I mean I'll be 21 soon
I'm looking at used cars in columbus...I could swing the payments. Just not the insurance.
hahaha
when we turn 21, you need to come party at the beach. i will know basically no one so i need you there if at all possible lol
I would love to.
i want to do a fulkl on pub crawl by the beach dude
haha
Sounds good 2 me
i want to try to get my own place as soon as i can though
to be honest i would feel better that way
even if i live 2 minutes away from chris
I know
its away from him
exactly
like, i cant even have josh come down to visit while chris is with me
because, well, that would be disasterous
disastrous
As of now basically everything I do will be with Chris. we now will work the same hours and days and have one less room to live in haha
yikes
that's rough dude
i know.  im hoping that one day soon i will be able to just move into another house in the same complez.
complex
ill be making like 700-800 dollar pay checks
and rent would be about 600 a month
so it's totally doable
yeah that sounds godo
do you ever get to be that feeling of oily where you want to tear our your hair and dip your full face in bleach?
yes, but not lately. I've figured out something that works for me and my face is so much better. haha
my fluxtuates with hormones and the food i eat, so it could be fine one day, and make me want to die the next
jesus
I'm sorry
do you wash your face in the morning and at night?
yes dude
if not more than that
i also use several acid type things
and i manually remove blackheads with a special tool
don't. I read in this dermatology thing that you should do it only at night. And it's true. It takes a couple of days, but there are natural oils that form on your face throughout the day that actually fight bacteria, and they need to stay there. Washing all of the grime off at the end of the day, and scarcely using the acid treatments works the best. It keeps your face from being overdryed and overirritated. It takes several days to improve, but it is so much better
i HAVE to wash in the morning. my oil is so bad that halfway through the day when i put sunglasses on, i have to clean my face oil off when i put them back in my purse
When I so don't wash I'm not saying don't rinse your face off
I'm saying don't use acne fighting wash in the morning
totally wash your face when you shower hahaha
i dont normally though. i use like, shampoo or something
im waiting for salt water and beach sun to cure my ane
acne
that is possible
It's just excessive use of product no matter how oily your face is CAN BE counterproductive
yea i figured
thats probably where im going wrong
too much acid
your face NEEDS a certain amount of oil. It took me a bit  to get used to it, but some oil on your face is normal.
deyhdration cracks your skin, opens it up to infection, ect
yea yea you sound like my mom
lololol
but it's true!!!
hahaha
and oh my god
like
no
NEVER SAY
THAT
AGAIN
HAHAHA
IM SO SORRY
never again
i need to see if josh ever found that wooden plug that i loved
i dont know wher eit oculd have goner
gone
dammit
damn the hands sam
goner
hahaha
he's a goner
apparently he has been looking for two days and cant find it
he's freaking out
hahaha
if amber finds it dude...
SHE WILL KNOW
DUDE
THE CAB COMPANY
SAID
I CANT COMMIT TO GETTING YOU AT 5:15 ish
they told me they could
two horus ago
and to call back
what the fuck
are you stuck again?
maybe
wtf dude D:
this is NOT GOOD
call a different cab company
haha
THERE ISNT ONE
HAHAH
....
so lame
This is very bad
they need to get here in time
haha
like NEED TO
do you have friends with cars there?
I can't stay here another day
BUSY ONES
damn =/
i would come get you but, you know
time and gas
i know
i have "enter the ninja" stuck in my head haha
ive only been listening to diplo recently though
I know hahah
DROP LIKE AN EARTHQUAKE
*rhythmic bass wobbles*
I was just picked up by this ASS HOLE cab driver an hour early
I'm not just sitting at the bus station
well...better than an hour late haha
with no headphones
hahaha
I asked him to take me to cvs
for a reason
so I could get some
and then
he took me to dairy mart
"there's an atm i nthere"
hahahaha
\hahahaha wtf man
what an ass
WHAT AM I GUNNA DO
HAHA
he was so mean about EVERYTHING
i bet you can find some headphones wthin walking distance
dont tip him
and tell him
his service is shit
as you leave
I see ATT. across the road. Going for it
GO GO GO
Fuck thay I ser an office depot
Att won't have five dollar headphones
Haha yes, go!
I guess I'll probably be seeing Trevor for the last time today, if I see him. He eventually told me I hurt his feelings and we talked it out a little bit hahaha
He is a big baby
Yea he is but I'd rather not burn bridges. I like having the crazy people on my side....
I'm not saying too
I'm just saying
he's a baby
haha
yes
he is
also, im a bit perturbed  by josh today
im going to assume he is depressed
and also remember
NO
jk
what?
"i got one less prollem without ya"
hahaha
hahahaahahahaha
hahahaha
shoot me
anyways
i asked him if he had found my ear thing
YOU HAVE PROVED
TO BE
A REAL HUMAN BEING
and he was like no, i feel terrible about it, etc
AND
HAHA
A REAL HERO
ANYWAYS
NOW THAT THAT'S ESTABLISHED
YES
CONTINUE
so i says to him, i says
"i did like that thing but it's totally okay", and i think he actually got upset because i was talking about how long i had them and what i did to get them to fit and how i love them so much, he felt terrible initially
i think i tipped him over the edge
he actually apologized to me so i guess i should have known better lololol
anyways, i just told him to buy me a pair to replace them
*no response*
"butthurt"
he already said he would so he's obund to it
bound
haha
I am so in love with riz ortolani on this drive soundtrack
hahaha i wish i could listen to music
or SOMETHING
AND FROM NATURE WE SHOULD LEARN THAT ALL CAN STAAAAART AGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIN
as the stars must fade away
to give a bright new dayyyyyy
i want your music -.-
i have spotify
so
ive noticed something
haha
ok
SHOOT
i think that i am josh's sick twisted version of a daughter
ew
like
he wants to buy everything for me and keep me safe, he's always obsessing over my health and general well being
and like
i dont know
thats weird
he treats me like a little kid sometimes?
hahahaha
but not always
and i dont mean that in a creepy way
its like, borderline creepy
but not quite creepy
i mean
technically
you are to him in a way
sometimes i assume
i mean...i honestly feel like he is sort of a person i can look up to for advice and he is very very similar to me
it would not be a stretch to think he finds solace in that
yeah i see that
he wants to essentially own me
but
let me be free at the same time haha
so basically
a father
*cringe*
ew
thanks, psychoanalytics for ruining human relationships
HAHAHA
he made me tell him
that
no matter if im with someone or not
im still his
yikes
which obviously i only said because its not like i could have said "no"
hahaha
but to be honest, he cant really hold me to anything
also, i dont mind being a "thing" with him for awhile
i could see he and i being good friends
until he dies
in like
20 years
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
you did it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
what did i did?
made fun of his age
HAHA
dude like
"TBH" for a second
hahahaha
ok
lol
chris is older than josh, physically
so
fuck it dude
HAHAHAHAHA
you, may-not-live, much-longer, how-ever. I....am willing...to offer you...my-bod-y
HAHAHA
dude like, chris has scholiosis and is balding and has bad teeth and stomach issues
because he has NEVER taken care of himself
*squishing noise* 
*dog of man rises on his filthy haunches*
THANK YOU. VERY MUCH
yeah that's pretty bad
he doesnt have health insurance and hasnt really been to a doctor for a full check up in a very long time
plus, he is weak....
my primal urges tell me i need to be with a strong dude
a healthy one with good genes
chris is not that
Hahaha
My primus urges me to slap a bass
HAHAHAHA
dude
im sort of sad
Why
everyone in chris' department made him a huge card that they all wrote in, and apparently he lost his shit over it and was super sad
only 2 people in my department have even said something about me leaving
no one cares
You have a small dept.
i do but even so, none of them care
i guess i dont really care but
Sorry?
They mean nothing if they don't care
You can replace them
i just wish the people that DO care were a little more evident in that fact?
Yes
That makes sense
I don't care about the people who also do not care lol
i think i saw cindy earlier
which could explain josh not being very talkative
although, i cant say i wouldnt be a bit hurt if he hasnt started to care a bit more in some way for me?
Try not to
But I don't baleen yoi
Or blame you
baleen hahahahaha
i am fighting my feeling with logic because i think that's what im supposed to do
that is, isnt it?
Yea always
so let me make sure i understand.  people who do not live their life of others' accord, but rather do what they want...do they still feel these feelings?  and they just choose to act on the best idea?
Because if I have to stop feeling feelings then this is going to take awhile lol
Don't over analyze - just do
BANG UP ADVICE, M8
We both over think
Gotten better but not gone
dude how is "gotten" even an english word
that is so german
i saw it as german
hahaha
hahahaha
im so tired
i just want to sleep until friday
im actually not getting to keep any of the money i make this week
theyre taking it all because i used up my vacation days before i had technically earned the hours for them
yikes
im sorry
If I were an asshole I could leave today and just not come back
and there would be essentially no consequences
I am going to solve my problem today.
When I get home tonight.
Tell me how.
Just a short and simple text. I'm gonna say I don't need a reply, I just need him to know.
I'm not going to make a big deal out of it
I'm not gonna see him
So it's not like it could get any more awkward
Yes, do it, the boldness is exciting me, RESULTS!
I halfway asked someone else to do it becaause I figured it wouldn't matter who it came from because he doesn't feel the same way
but to get closure I need  to do it myself
No, tell him yourself
Yes
Give me a worst case scenario
You have to handle this with precision
Don't let anyone else handle it
Worst case scenario he ignores it
I have decided not to
yeah
Which is at the LEAST, what I ask
If he ignores it, you have done your part.
But I doubt he will
best case he replies right?
Yes, best case you strike up a conversation
What makes you think he won't ignore me?
Just curious
Well, I know how charming and witty we are and no one can resist it soooo
Hahahaha
I dunno dude
in the best case scenario
I imagine he'd just wanna be friends and he'd appreciate me being up front with him
which I'd be okay with
You never know dude. I didn't think I would be where I am now.
that's true
If I don't give myself enough credit I definitely don't give enough to other people
We have drive
You've got this way more than you think you do
I've been told like ten times in the past few days that I don't give myself enough credit
It's just hard to
I know how it feels. Honestly the part of you that isn't confident is great bait for dudes. A lot of them seem to like the shy, innocent, scaredish type lol
well good then
haha
Yea dude. Trust me. Baby that a bit.
Gahh I was outside and Josh walked out with Amber and I had to like
run for the door
yikes#
I heard the voice and looked back and saw the hair, and just went back inside
I can't deal with myself at work
I am too awkward
Like, how am I even supposed to talk to him in front of people?
I don't get how he thinks that is possible
I am not that awkward. unless it comes to someone I have feelings for
what does this tell you
UCK YOU
HAHAHAHAHAH
well yea i mean
it's just awkward
if you think of us in "friend" terms
we have nothing to talk about at work
then think of it in one way
stop switching
I mean, I can't talk to him at work like I would away from work. Im not switching?
Dude he set me up
I was like, I don't know where to get boxes to pack in
?
And he goes, amber will have some tomorrow, I just checked with her. Ask her tomorrow for boxes.
So I'm going to have to go look amber in the face and ask her for moving boxes
I know she isn't retarded
why does this matter
is it just hotter for people to not know
Because his department is separate from mine and we have no business being in each others departments. Also, he is the one who insists no one knows.
ITS STUPID
I mean discretion   obviously
like
but it isn't THAT big of a deal
I mean...you don't think it is supremely weird and creepy? Because that's how I feel others would view it.
I mean it is.
but if you are happy with what is happening
who cares
it is making it challenging for you
navigating it this way
like the amber thing
that shouldn't be so weird dude
haha
josh has mafe it a little weird
He keeps making it weirder than it needs to be and literally everyone in the office has it figured out. But I'm not "allowed" to  acknowledge it.
you can do whatever you want
lol
I know lol obviously but I don't want to enrage him. Obviously as soon as I leave he will stop caring.
I suppose
He already takes me out to eat in downtown Charleston
He can't care that much
HAHA
EXACTLY
also
I'll be at the greyhound station in less than an hour. proabably about nine.
Yesss okay
Dude my mom just asked for my new address
I can't give it to her
yeah you don't have to do that
Dude today the cable company called to confirm my set up
and I gave them my address
and it hit me
that it's my address
not my moms
and it was so weird
That's so awesome :D
How close are you to Charleston?
passing through clendinin
Okee dokee
Right out front
Almost there
How are you doing man?
I'm fine. I wasn't shocked. I'm just a little bummed. I feel better though. He was so nice about it
He was, and I'm really glad for that. I didn't want you to get torn up over it.
Dude so
Josh applied for a job in Hampton
Which is like 15 minutes from Norfolk
Yikes....
Dude like
what do i do now
i told him
to find where he is happy, and look for employment there
and he did
My mom is looking for jobs out of state
that's awesome dude
this is a huge time for change
its the perfect time
I am still sad
Sadly
That's understandable, it's been a few years of anticipation
I feel like knowing someone as a friend and like stand partner throughout your whole life basically kind of makes looking at someone as more than a friend...impossible anyway
I could sort of see that
I still think you should foster a friendship with him if possible
Go into it only expecting to be his friend
I'd like that
He's just always seen me as like a weird sometimes friend I think. Who's to say never...but I should definitely try to be friends with him
I can tell you, friendship is the best foundation to build on there.  Then, if anything extra does come about, it won't be weird, you'll be comfortable with him, and if it goes wrong he will still value you enough to be your friend through it
I knew what was gonna happen. I just don't know why I'm so hurt that it didn't go ideally. I knew it wouldn't. I was perfectly prepared. I'm not used to being rejected and it feels awful.
Yea I mean, I really don't like relating your situation to mine but I have experienced this same let down
I just can't let go of it
I know. Its normal to get hung up on someone, especially when they've been idealized for so long
you know your skin's bad when your boss asks what facial cleanser you're using...
Listen to what I told you to do. Use benzylperoxide creams as needed but sparingly. Don't use face wash with that or salysilic acid. Use a cleanser like dove soap or cetaphil once per day. Wash your face with warm water in the morning and use a moisturizing facial lotion to reduce redness and inflammation.
I did all of that D:
It takes like a week
All skin is different though :/
i know it will take awhile. also, i put only a base foundation on to give my skin a break from make up so I didn't cover everything up today lolol
i hate when people post their snapchats on FB
like, every time they send one
Yuck
last night as i was going through the t bell drive through
i saw a girl working on her car, in a tbell uniform
and i said, that looks like my friend katie, i wonder if she still works here
and then i remembered that she killed herself last year
first time ive experienced something like that
Wow that's the literal worst
I'm sorry
yea it fucked me up for a minute
Today my exit from work was like mic dropping
It's my last day
HAHA
And i shut these hos down
i want to find a mic, to bring into work tomorrow, so i can drop it
They hate me
what did you say??
I just fucking called everyone on their bullshit all day
HAHAHA
thats so awesome
RETRIBUTION
I'm so deistated dude
devastated
i know you are
im really sorry
=/
no
this is worse
this is the literal worst
I have been working my ass off in school
working 60 hours a week sometimes
just to make ends meet
to get a degree in neuroscience
and guess what I fucking find out
...
oh no
what
WVU-the school where THEY PAYED ME TO GO THERE-NOW OFFERS THE DEGREE
hm well, that's unfortunate but i mean...at least you didnt learn youre color blind
for some reason i expected that
lolol
but
HAHAHA
can you not transfer?
but dude
I'm at such a loss
I think I might have to
I signed a lease though
for a year
That is an issue
You can break the lease
I don't know how exactly or what the consequences are, if any
but you can move out if you want to
I have the money to pay a penalty if there is one
But next semester I may have to leave
I would say that's the smartest thing to do.  Plus, you will be able to get a cheaper apartment and save money there as well
This is maybe the hardest thing I've ever had ot face
to*
I'm not kidding
Oh shit, this is your virginia.
UM YEAH
you can do this
you will endure
and survive
and THRIVE
afterwards
But it's like all of the signs are telling me not too
Everything is saying go back
should I keep fighting them?
Well I think you associate ohio state with the glamourous lifestyle of a non-west virginian and for that reason it feels like it may be a mistake to even step foot back in this state.  that is super understandable.  but if the degree you want happens to be free here, and very costly over there...
I know
I just asked bella
what she thought
because she hates wv
she would never come back
I explained the situation
and her first instinct was come back
well, yea, that's the sensible thing to do in my opinion
it seems like ahuge thing to accomplish but
once you get it over with
youll be very glad you did
so that tattoo chris got
I JUST FOUND OUT
is EXACTLY the same, but different words, as his ex's dumb ass tattoo
in the same exact place
and he got it THE DAY AFTER HE FUCKED HER
wow that's
wow
no words
he says im tripping...
AM I TRPPING
AM I BEING CRAZY?!
no
he is ridiculous
like
that's so sad
I feel like he's so needy because of that
I CANNOT WRAP MY HEAD AROUND IT
also
a TATTOO
that shit is forever
hahahhahahahahhahhahah
im sick dude
im physically sick
that's like unbelievable
i know
he is
denying it
how
how could you even
help
i hate him dude
hahaha I'm so sorry
jesus christ
my mind has exploded in my skull i think
fuck everything he says or does
from now on
seriously...
like
what even
he is a character '
he isnt real
im not letting him worm his way out of this
i want him to know
that i know
he is guilty
this is just telling me repeatedly to get m,y own apartment asap
ya
then we can partay all the time
im slightly worried about josh getting the job and moving and asking to live with me
only because i dont want to say yes and then regret it
ew
yeah
that's
yeah
I get that
but to be totally fair
That fear of yourself
it would help him, he probably couldnt move without my help
also
he and i are so similar in living styles
he is just depressed and living in the same place that he lived with jeni in
that's why he still lives there
it has to be
gah, i dunno. i may need a room mate. i dont know how i would do living totally alone.
im a social person
tell me if this is true
I'm sorry
I care about your thing
but I'm having a serious day too
haha
When I talked to my mom about this transferring thing
she said
"well now you're more 'you' than when you decided to leave morgantown. You kind of weren't yourself for a while and now you are so it makes sense that you'd want to go back"
a "Serious day" lolol
doe sthis hold any truth?
hmmm
the whole ohio thing seemed weirdly isolated to me, to be honest
What do you mean?
i was surprised you knew basically no friends
Rephrase that
hahaha
like, you sort of lock yourself in the dorms in ohio it seems lol
and you secluded yourself
I did..
lol
see? it seems like you were hiding sort of
you "dropped off" so to speak
I was miserable and now I'm not
I was hiding
see? i knew =P  just didnt make any conclusions lol
I mean all things aside
OSU is a prestigious school. It's very good for what I'm doing. However, being a poor, out of state student who Transferred (they don't give transfer students any scholarships) I kind of knew I was digging a hole in the back of my head
yeaaa i would say just go back to motown
then you will be closer to the beach
haha
It was unreasonable for me to do that
yeah I will be.
hahaha
and I'll have a social life again
which I missed
a lot of my friends are going to pharm/med school there anyway, so like the extra year of me being there isn't gonna be lonely or anything
hahah
and also School will literally be free
any money I earn will be mine and mine alone
Yea dude like
There's no question
WHY WOULD I EVER PASS UP FREE SCHOOL
jesus
FUCK ME
Hahaha
I don't know dude
Lolol
because I am so egotistical I felt like I was better than that
or
I think you were alienating yourself
You hardly even talked to me
my girlfriend was temporarily infatuated with my roommate and I became homicidal
that is probably what went wrong
What
Hahahaha
Hahahahaha
I'm sorry that's not funny
But it is sort of
I was in therapy for a year dude
it's hilarious
HAHAHA
brb gotta laugh
ok ok
I done laffed
I was driving home and I saw the sun setting and it was so symbolic for a minute
It felt like a sunrise
HAHAHAHAHA
I swear dude lolol
Death is birth
no
Well obviously not literally
Hahaha
I'm sorry the tattoo thing is still like
Tripping me up
So hard
Josh keeps trying to get me away from Chris, or establish that I'm absolutely not going back to him
Its become painfully obvious at this point
oh wow
that's
yikes
Eh, I'm happy.
So
Fuck it
I can do what I want
Including literally whatever I want
Lolol
What I want to do right now is move to the beach
That's top priority
Lol
something is the matter with me
I in the course of three hours
have applied to wvu, had requests for transcripts to mailed there, and found furniture I can afford for my cbus apartment
Hahaha manic dude
I have had some wine and i just used the joke on someone about having cheese with that whine and it reminds me of yahoo
Haha
Dude josh iced me for tomorrow
what
He's working "probably all day"
fuck that
I'm going to the furniture store
asses
I think it is an act
He is pretty gregarious with me until I ask about plans
is he an act tor
And then when I see him in person he is always super sweet and awkward
here's a little bedroom tip: put a bag of popcorn in the microwave beforehand so afterward, you have a treat

wow I wish I had your emotional intellligence.
I know
he sends mixed signals like an ntelos wireless tower
Hahaha
Wait is the sarcasm
Yes
It is
i don't know
The emotional intelligence thing
I can't tell
oh
Lol
no
that is a quote from my watching of what I am now watching
Ah okay
Anyways
I am sad
yeah continue
why
I leave Friday morning
And tomorrow is the last chance I have to see him at all before I'm gone
And work IS very busy
But
He should make time for me. I think.
I can't tell if he's bluffing
Or not
I think he is but I've been wrong once before. Just once. Lol
Because the other day he told me he wanted to at least see me at work before I left
But he would never type that to me
Its so weird
I own a magnet that can scramble his pacemaker
Hahahahaha
let me know
I'm trying to get real support here
I am a little drunk
I know
Chris is being a dick
I'm trying
keep going
Like
chris is a dick
sometimes
I will help
I good
go
now
blast
He said "I love you" and when I said it back he made a nasty face like I just lied to him and shook his head
wait who said that
joshua
Chris
That's SO WEIRD
why would this exchange happen
Because he wants me to feel guilt
punish him with your hands
that's stupid
That's not a big deal though. What IS is JOSH because I am going to be decently upset if he blows me off. I'm not crying or anything because that would be bad but he's my friend too ya know.
Analyze him to make me feel better or something
Tell me why he is still going to make room for me because he probably won't work THAT late
dude I t will not help if I do that
just let it all out at me
Fuck okay
I don't know, he is doing this weird thing
He is fostering some sort of emotional thing from me and I don't want to feel things for him but I know he feels them back but he is a dick sometimes. He is never trying to be mean though. He is just assertive and doesn't talk much I think.
Like, why would he move the VA
After Mr
Me
If he didn't care
I'm getting mixed signals
those are mixed signals
he is being weird
y it as hpla
play it as you go
try and figure it out
it seems confusing
It's very confusing
I am constantly trying to get in his head just so I know what I'm doing
thats a harc thing ho to
hard thing yo ot*
fuck balls
I get it lol
But like
Gahhhh
Why does he have to be so fake guarded
can I tell you somethin
yes
i dont care if its kiefer, i just want a really pretty preppy guy with an obnoxious tan to make out with # thanks 7wine
I'm sorry dude I'm just upset about this right now because this guy is not just some dude, he is one of my closest friends
I want to be friends with him for a long time
I kno
it can be ruf
the friendship will likely last
You're too drunk to be encouraging lolol
I just want him to treat me like he does when we spend time together, but all of the time
no i can
do it
god I wan to cuddle something
I get it
If he is calling me cute and adorable and shit, that shouldn't stop whenever I leave his company. That should continue during normal life.
like consitancy
Agreed?
yes
Like, its almost as if he is either very bipolar and borderline or this is an act to make me enjoy when he is nice more
I can't tell
He is smart
Sometimes
he is ompliated
very much so ithink
Yes that much I do know lol
I guess I'm gonna go to bed man
Last day of work tomorrow
Crazy things can happen I guess
have a good one 


-everyone who pretends to be your friend
I'll be optimistic
you should be
Hahahaha
good night now then
Wish me luck I guess lol
luck wished
wing5
Fank u
nigt
Nite
Packing is a dick
yes dude
im so not looking forward to tomorrow morning
im at work, chris is packing i guess
we get the trailer at 7 in the morning
Can you believe today is your last tm day
no
i cant
seriously
lol
Both of our lives are changing so hard
yes dude
so much
martin told me theyre going to have a "party" for me at work
so im waiting for them to bait me into the conference room
i dont know how theyll do it
hahaha
yay
awesome
i bet there will be *pop*
they took me to taco bell
but of course i had to pay
lolol
HAHAHAHAHAHA
\i mean
it wasnt a group thing
some coworkers went and took me
oh ok?
haha
oh ok gotcha
eating at my desk
fuck everything
dude
all I know
is today I got a confirmation for my wvu app. I'm going to be able to be a scientist, but also be with my friends. I'm so so so so happy
and I'm listening to the drive soundtrack
I wish you could also listen to it
dude thats so awesome
im so happy for you!!!
but music at ticketmaster is like anal sex at a methodist church apparently
HAHAHA
it is
i could use my pone but
no drive soundtrack
;(
DAYUM
Lemme hook you up
I'll actually just email it to you
send me a youtube link of the album
if you can
I just took something that weighs as much as me all the way down the steps and I can't catch my breath hahaha
oh god lolol
im sorry that youre moving
from a third story bedroom
hahaha
my body
oh god
ouchj
ow muh boday
theres something inside youuu
its hard to explain
theyre talking about you boyyy
but youre still the sayaaame
I am
but I'm not
and they ARENT
hahaha
yea you are not the same
but
actually
you are
just MORE SO of yourself
I am
the 3/4 of me that was super straight and repressed died
hahahaha
good dude lol, not you are 100% mikel
what did I really gauage my ears out
i gauged them so hard
jesus
my grandma is trying to offer me things to take with me
but is like saying
"don't worry it's not girly"
This is why I hate talking to her
Omg
That's so obnoxious
Haha
should I come back dude
or should I just go tomorrow
and stay
go to wvu
no
because it is smart
I'm saying
like
oh
I was gonna come back after I set my stuff up
i would not come back
but thats just me
ok
im so sick, they made me eat a brownie and then barrett left without even saying good bye
im about to leave as soon as i get these boxes from amber
josh has made no effort to say good bye either
Oh you hadn't gotten them yet?
i did
but im getting more
Dude I'm so upset
Chris is going out with a bunch of friends
And I'm home alone
And josh doesn't want to hang out
Are you all packed?
No
Working on it
I'm doing everything
Chris is useless
I mean what did you expect dude
Help me, why am I crying
This is fucked
Tell him to come back
No
Its the josh thing
I'm so upset
Why
Why do I care
I probably won't see him for another year
If I even see him again
I am pissed too. My mom went to a fucking hair appointment instead of helping me
:(
I don't know if I'm pissed
I'm angry at myself
For caring
Why do I feel things
The guy I was talking to to make myself feel good last night when i was drunk hasn't talked to me all day. Why do I care?
Why do any of us care about anyone or anything that is seemingly useless?
I don't know but I hate it
So much
I thought I was totally self assured
But I guess I was wrong
No one is
How did this happen
I let my guard down
A little
Or
Like I guessed
You've always loved him anyway
Ans are just realizing it
Or welp
Coming to terms with it
Reading that hurt my heart
So it must be true
:(
I'm sorry
But I don't understand
How he doesn't feel the same
If it makes you feel any better I cried for like two hours even though I knew exactly what kiefer was going to say to me. Trying to think "maybe it would work if..." 

The truth is sometimes things just don't go the way you plan and you have to cry it out and move on. Do not let a guy affect your happiness. Fight it.
It's a challenge but you can't let messed up emotional connections ruin your life
That's why I'm angry with myself. I care, and I don't want to.
Don't think of it like that
Accept that you care, but also come to terms with the fact that it may be different from how they care, and that may not ruin your friendship but it will limit your relationship
I guess I just get upset when I can't get what I want, especially when I have worked for it
I wish I could cry and drink with you
I am upset when I can't get what I want after I've rationalized it.
I am an interesting person. I am kind. I'm not bad looking. I care. But if there's not attraction there just isn't I guess
I am upset because there is an attraction. He does have feelings for me. He may move to where I live. But now he is tired and doesn't want to hang out.
What you are doing is overly analytical. Be upset because you will miss him, not because of this weird isolated incident that means nothing
I guess so. He gave me a hug before I left work, in the parking lot in front of a lot of people. He asked me to let him know that I get there safe. I want to be like him. I want to be able to cut people off.
But he didn't cut you off you're just over reacting
I'm sorry if that's blunt
It sounds like he cares
You're just going to miss him
And that's rough
He said that he will likely come visit. I just hope that isn't a lie to appease me.
It's probably not
He sais
Hold on...
I am all sad now THANKSSSSS
He is just so honest with me that it hurts sometimes. I guess
I told him that I'm afraid I will miss him a bit more than he will miss me
And he said, that's likely, I will have no one down there and he has friends here
Which is sort of rude but not really
Just honest
He keeps telling me that I will be fine. That I'm solid.
He is so encouraging
It seems like he wants me to get away from him because he cares about me
I'm sorry I just have not loved anyone and lost at it in a long time
I wish I knew what would make me feel better
I love you michael
Thank you so much for always being there for me when no one else is
Always am. Don't even worry about it
I think I'm gonna come back home tomorrow.
Are you too busy packing to hang out for a bit?
No.
Because I have changed plans.
I can't be in Columbus alone for a week
I have to drop Chris off with all of his friends while I have one friend and he is you
But I'm like the little sebastian of friends
Sooo
Hahahaha you are the best
I will be so alone in charleston. You're leaving.  But that's better than alone in a basically, strange city
I may try and work or something but there weren't shifts last time I checked
Well you can always talk to me if you get lonely
I just want to be in morgantown. I am so alone in Columbus. So alone. My one friend there ignored me today.
What a dick :/
I have to leave the house soon
Okay.
Are you okay to hang out?
Yes
I just am gonna be doing some minor stuff.
Dude like
Its so upsetting that everyone loves Chris
He is going to a bar with his girlfriend and a bunch of his friends
And I'm getting blown off by josh
I get to see you which I'm happy about
But my boss didn't even say good bye to me today
He just left
god damn
I'm sorry : (
I just feel so insignificant to everyone else
Like I don't even exist
dude you're not
I can't sit here and tell you this though
you ahve to believe it
I believe it but I'm still crying some
I don't know
I sort of believe it
I just don't understand how so few people care that I'm leaving
Its not like I'm mean to everyone
Michael I'm so afraid to like anyone
Because of this
I'm so terrified to even look at a new person for the fact that I may become attracted to them
And feel like this again
This is the feeling that makes me want drugs
Its so hard for me to like a person though. I fall in love with personalities.
Once you're that deep into a persons life, getting out is painful
I can't even keep up dude
slow down slow down
you get really attached
that is true
I know
I hate it so much
It makes me want to die
Seriously
I am realizing that I can't be in relationships anyone
Anymore
This makes me want to just settle with Chris because he cares and I feel like no one else ever will
you get emotionally like, sacrficial
I know
I hate myself
What is wrong with me
I just left but I'll be back in like 3 minutes lol
On my way be there in like 10
Do you want to go somewhere? I'm outside
Just come inside.
Let me get myself together a bit more
We can go somewhere soon. Okay.
That's fine
I need to drive I think
Yea
Okay
Also would you like the other half of my subway sandwich, it's black Forrest ham and I can't finish it haha
Hm dressing? Lol
I'm not a big ham fan
how was the trip
Today was a journey I didn't think I could handle lol
hahah
is that good?
We got up at 6, packed and loaded until 10, were an hour behind schedule to get the keys before the office closed so I somehow made it here only 4 minutes late and we got them. And my dad drove down with the trailer too. We filled his van and my car and a 5x10 trailer and still couldn't bring everything. We left a shit ton of stuff. But I'm still happy.
that's awesome
what did yo uend up elaving?
Furniture, some reptile stuff, a bunch of just random things. Its good though because we actually brought just the right amount if stuff
that's awesome
It's weird seeeing
"sent from Norfolk, VA"
Dude I love it so much already
that's so great
so I'm about to watch "nymphomaniac: volume 1"
Hahaha I need to see it! I love Lars von trier
oh dude this is strange
not like creepy
just
so strange
I know mike ruined the whole plot for me hahaha
british accents talking about "Sensations"
just
yuck
omg
Hahaha you are not THAT sexual of a person. So it makes sense that its grossing you out
I just don't like british accents talking about clits
or
A strange flashback
with girls rubbing themselves against a wet bathroom floor
WHICH
I HAVE A WEIRD OBEJCTION TO
because
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHA
this is TRULY messed up
hahaha
like
wow
"the one who would fuck the most men when we reached the destination, would win the chocolate sweets" *Lifts bag of candy and dangles it*
HAHA WHAT THE FUCK
dude Kendall is here
And patronizing Chris
For being with his ex
Hahahahaha
she has no right lol
She can admit her fuck ups
But likes to point out others' lolol
I don't care
I don't like her
*sass*
What is chris saying?
lol
Hahaha
He is just defending himself
We have no chairs
Fuck
damn
I'm sorry
hahah
I don't even care lol. I was going to sleep in the living room but there isn't enough room lol
dude so I saw my place for the first time today
it's actually adorable.
That's awesome! Our place is "cute" too lol
I wanna see a picture of it!
Done
nan
"quaint"
nan
We have a back yard dude
holy cow
Its in a complex but its way far away from the rest of the apartments
We have basically no neighbors
Also
hahaha nice
There is a river AND a creek behind the house
that's so cool
my apartment is actually so small, I was able to take a panorama of it
I can't believe you get a backyard
I actually hate you lol
Haha dude I would kill to have a bachelors pad like that
that's actually what it is hahaha
omg
Yes dude hahaha
I want my own place
I getcha
once I realized that it was my own personal space
MINE
I was like
oh my god
MINE
Yes dude
Cherish it
Hahahaha
*cherished*
Dude I'm so tired its exhausting me to eat
wow. That's intesnse haha
I'm laying on the floor
hey dude
Waddaaaap. About to drive to da beach
I hate-love you. fuck you dude
Trying to mediate my mother and sisters argument hahah.
Hahaha oh no dude
That sounds rough
Also ordering some cool prints off of this website *yay*
dude my sister is a MONSTER
SHE IS A MONSTER
HELP ME
Driving but tell me everything and I'll read it when I can
Kill her
even you
who has a CRAZY mom who deserves it
does not speak to their mom this way
it's VILE
she is the WORST human being
Your sister is vile
So this Walmart is huge haha. Apparently this is where josh used to live. Tidewater boulevard. I'm slowly getting used to the traffic.
Haha that's interesting
The people here are so friendly
People are generally friendly
WV is just a sad place
specifically the kanawha valley
Yes dude
The air here
Feels like it has
Healing powers
So one of my sisters gremlins has been living here for like a week
I just found this out
because everyone is gone
except for her
HAHAHAHA
GREMLINS
that's what she is
That's fucking hilarious
Dude so, you were right about josh
As soon as I got here he has been talking to me nonstop sense
*cha ching* *wins no money but still cha chings*
whoa
jesus
haha
He is helping me with everything, he asks me to send him my location and then he tells me how to get where I need to go haha
that's weird
but helpful
nonetheless
Also I told him that we're not doing great on money, he said he has not offered because he wants me to succeed on my own but to let him know if I can't afford food
So
That was surprising
wow
can he afford to help? I mean my understanding as of late was that he's pretty poor himself
Well he told me once that when he gets tax returns, he puts it in the bank and doesn't touch it
I think he just hoards his money
#impressiveblessing
Hahahahaha
so did you hear about the crazy woman who is marrying charles manson
.....wut
yes
her name is "starr"
HAHA
So
We are having to go to a pet store with my friend amber who knows the owner
And we have to sell animals
oh no
Because the rental people were not clear on some things
And TM is keeping my last check
OH NO
So
AND WAIt
We will get by
WHY
they actually can't do that
KEEPING it?
Because I didn't accrue all of my vacation time
I owe them for vacation pay
oh..
well
they can then
haha
Yea
That one check would keep me from selling stuff
is chris going to get his last check?
But its okay
Yes
He is
ok good
It will help a lot
hey
Hiya
how did selling animals go?
Well, weird. They offered me like 20 dollars a fucking piece. Right after, a cool couple offered me 125 for ONE of my girls. So I sold her to them right in front of the assholes hahaha
jesus
haha
well that's good then i suppose
Yep! And I sold a gargoyle for 150 earlier
whoa
that's not bad at all
Yep so made about 300 today, the market here is actually the fucking best
that's awesome
I know dude if I can sell a gecko a day, I will be completely fine
I bet so
Kendall flaked, we were supposed to go to her house for dinner lol. This place finally feels like home though so I'm fine just sitting around.
That's soo nice
I'm glad
I am in this weird intermittent feeling of homelessness. I have a place I'm not living at right now, but it's only temporarily
temporary* anyway
hahaha. It is a WEIRD feeling
Yea that does sound odd. That's how I felt whenever I lived with Gary.
Yeah. It's like I feel the need to be in my temporary home because the one I'm in is even more temporary than it was
lol
I think I'm going to become addicted to online shopping
my apartment is going to look so suave
Dude I'm so jealous, I have no money to spend haha. We have no furniture and very little food.
oh yikes. I'm sorry dude : (
I'm kind of in a treat yo self kinda thing right now
Man it does suck but yo be honest I have been through this before and even worse so I'm staying positive. And as soon as I get my first check you BEST BELIEVE I'm treatin muhself
I'm best believing it. for the #best
The #best arouuund
#blest
Hahaha
Dude we don't have internet
We've been watching stuff on the hard drive
holy shit
Lolol
Yea dude
did you not set it up before hand?
WAIT
you just found this palce
like
recently
nvm
hahaha
We don't have money for it.
that sucks dude
steal your neighbors wifi
No neighbors.
I forget
Which is cool as hell
BUT
you're slightly isolated
our across the street neighbors, our ONLY neighbors, are fucking moving into the apartment next to us because their apartment isn't to their liking. They're weird as hell and middle aged.
ew
the elderly
oh my god
there is this jack donaghy quote that reminds me of your relationship with trevor
"never go with a hippie to a second location"
AGAIN
you are alec baldwin
HAHAHA
I will proudly be Alec Baldwin
He is a man of steel
there was that one time he called his daughter a pig
well
chris is sort of lazy
you've called him lazy
hahaha
Dude I would gladly be the actual man of steel. SUPERMAN. He kind of has powers
ths jst me
Lolol man I'm cooking on a gas stove right now
I love this
So listen
Haha
I was searching for my vet disinfectant
And I reached into a box and moved some things around
And a bag of weed falls out of the box
*praise him*
HAHAHAHAHA
Omg
You made a sacrifice to the god of weed at the pet store and he is pleased so he's blessing you
Hahaha yes dude
Amber was just telling us about how she smokes constantly
And then we come home and find weed
The catch is, we can't smoke it
Swab test on Monday lol
Hahaha oh no
That's right
Yeaaa buddy
I'm sorry for this
Avacoda
What is that even from. I don't remember
You just decided to start saying it one day hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Lololol that's how things happen with you
They just
Happen
I am spontaneous#
And obnoxi#ous so#m#etimes
A#nd# a# #ta#d #excessive
Hahaha dude I AM the excessive one
Actually
We are both
Quite excessive
And obsessive
Hahaha
Yea....hahaha
Josh is bitching because I ONLY stopped smoking 5 days before a simple swab test
Dude I swear
He has changed
He is talking to me all day long now
Or you've gotten gotten to know him better and you're hyper conscious of his personality
Well I would say that could be true but he was at work today and actually is still talking to me since he woke up. Normal josh would be working and not talking to me. HE CALLED A STORE HERE TO SEE IF THEY ARE STILL OPEN AND IF THEY HAVE THE HOTSAUCE I LIKE
That's annoying
Put space between the two of you
That's not annoying, because he did it in the same way he does everything
I find trying that hard annoying personally I guess then haha. That's just my personal preferences I supposeb
He did it so that it seemed like he did it because HE was curious
But obviously it doesn't matter to him
He doesn't live here
you're right
Im making hard boiled eggs
One egg was cracked in the box
I went to throw it out the side door
And it hit the side of the house
I egged my own house
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHHA
IS THIS TUMBLR OR REAL LIFE
That's real life.
The struggle, man.
You're killing me hahahaa
Hahahaha
I hate myself
Haha hahahahaha
Like best story ever
Did you get that off of fml.com or whatever
It belongs there. Just go back to 2007 and post it
HAHAHA I remember when society was less desensitized and FML was still entertaining
As if we are that much better adjusted. Hahaha
Right lolol
So Shia LeBoeuf was real bad in nymphomaniac
HAHAHA
He was doing like this really shitty British accent
It was not working
LOLOLOLOL
dude I wanted to see that but then I was like
Ehhhhh
Watch it at some point though. It's worth the "experience"
Hahahaha
Lars von trier
What a trip
*woo*
I think the soundtrack is largely ramstein
Like
At least sounds like it
Hahahaha
DUDE
josh sent me a photo of a rammstein box set
It consists of like 8 glass dildos in various grotesque shapes
Rammstein can be okay
Oh
.
Hahahaha
So that makes sense
That they would use rammstein
You hear what's his names voice and you're just like "is he doing that on purpose"
One of those bands
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
IS HE DOING THAT ON PUROOSE
HAHAHAHAHA
you get it though
I thought the same thing about billy corgan
like
'are you just doing that'
hint: they usually aren't. people are weird
Yea dude people are WE ARD
When I'm asleep, nothing happens in the world. I'm Michael
Lolol dude I woke up to jets flying over my house
It like
Shook it
Hahahaha
There was probably a black guy walking to his grandma's down the road.
Don't panic
That joke is never going to end btw
WHAT HAHAHAHA
*political commentary on the militarization of the police by using your story and adding info about Mike Brown *
OHHHH RECENT EVENTS
jokes I don't follow
YES
Hahahaha
When you can afford it, get basic cable. These jokes are WASTED. I AM FUNNY
Damn it
Hahahahaha
I'm never watching TV
Even if they make me buy it
I choose the information I intake
hahahahaha
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
That is a valid point
I like something like 5 channels plus hbo and shohyime
The latter I don't even have hahaha
I just steal the shows online
I steal all of my entertainment
Hahaha
I'm actually streaming a movie right now. Lmao
So my landlord gave me a coupon for free pizza and coke, and a panera gift card
How awesome is that.
My landlord gave me a Chinese take out menu and keys.
Hahahahaha
It's like I am being rewarded for living like everyone else hahahaha
I'm glad you're having fun being independent
Its great
I just need out of my house dude. This next week is going to be spent in solitude. Not a friend in town. No shifts to pick up at work
I have a little wine left.
Thank you weed god
Lol you should like
Paint the town red
Literally
Make your mark
Hahahahahahahahagaga
MARK IT
#tagging #graflyf
My mom said she was going to help me with groceries next week, and I'm so excited because for a short time I will be able to actually cook
That's awesome :D can you sign up for food stamps?
Hm I don't honestly think I need to. Plus I'm changing residency back to wv soon so it would be complicated.  It's already making medicaid a pain
Ah yes that is true. I need to make my mom stop hating me so she can mail me my new SSN cars
Card
oh yeah
thats a big deal
ahaha
She's so crazy. I wouldn't give her my exact address because she wants to come down here for my fucking 21st birthday
HAHAHAHA
dude I wish I could come down before december
but that is the soonest
omg
people are reposting
"tobin williams suicide footage leaked"
I'm actually disgusted
Oh my god
How is that even
there is a photo
Jesus
of a williamsesq man
with a belt around his neck
WHY EVEN REPOST IT
ITS NOT REAL
BUT EVEN IF IT WAS
That's so fucked up
Also
Chris and I figured out
That Trevor is into auto erotic asphyxiation
interesting
why
how
rather
He has belts in loops hanging around his house
Also
HAAHAHAAHA
When robin Williams died
He shared the store
Story
Where they said he hung himself with a belt
And Trevor was upset that they released that information
Haha hahahaha
well, I mean it/s bad to fixate on how he killed himself. Why is more important. He was sick
However
trevor is an idiot
and probably
yet again
HAHA
is riled up about the right thing for the wrong reason
yes
That's Trevor
I'm glad he isn't my friend anymore
OH DUDE
hm
YOU KNOW THE VACUUM STASH HE HAD FILLED WITH DRY BLUE DISH DETERGENR
AND LEFT IT IN MY CAR
ye
on my last day while josh was saying bye to me I threw it out of my car and into the grass, I said I hope someone finds it and thinks its meth
Today josh told me someone reported it and security had been looking into it and had confiscated it
Hahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
OH MY GOD
THAT IS GREAT
My legacy
#heisenburg
Brb shower
gauges
wine is happening
I'm sorry for what may happen
nan
to you
Hahahaha
To me
I will happen at you
AT ME?!
hahaha
Dude so I will probably be at home without internet for another 2 weeks
damn dude
that's rough
I'm going to smoke myself into oblivion
go to a #starbucks and vape with #classs and #wifi
Hahahaha josh told me to go to Starbucks for WiFi
Like 4 times
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Well It's solid advice if you're desperate
It is. I was bitching about how difficult it is to sell animals from my phone. Which it really is.
yeah id imagine dawg
Oh god that's the wine talking
Hahahaha
how many regular glasses of wine fit into one solo cup
yeah I'm definitely flushed hahahahaha
you're right
Hahaha well an adult glass of wine is like 4 ounces or something
So
4
HAHAHAHA
so I was looking through my texts today. and every day I have to read that text that kiefer sent me to remember to not dwell on it. but I keep getting pissed because he waited 40 minutes to say one sentence. Why would he wait 40 minutes at 11 oclock at night. If he was busy or drinking or hanging out with someone he would have just waited until the next day
THIS IS IRKING ME SO MUCH
Well you know, he could have been asleep, or showering, or eating, or driving
thank you for that rationalization that I needed to hear
hahaha
"avocada!"
WAIT
I know what this is
those like "mom texting fails" and the mom thinks that texting is google and she's trying to google a recipe
to a child
and shes like mom this aint google
HAHAHA
yes
I love those
Old people and technology
Yes
My sister is with this casey girl again and earlier I heard her talking to her old boyfriend and I sang out loud "THESE HOES AINT LOYAL"
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Jesus
Hahaha
That Casey girl
I knew
As soon as I saw her
Hahaha
you did
dude I spilled wine on myself
(well on my way to 32 oz)
and like
Noooo
I smell and taste like butter
Man I want a drink
I want a cigarette too
of cold butter
wanna hear something funny
Has
Yas
since I've come out. I've realized that so many things that I do are so stereotypically...gay.
Yas
HAHA
like vat
like I've become super conscious of myself
*narcissistic
Lololololol
I fucking watch greys anatomy and scandal and I have the original broadway cast recordings of like 10 musicals downloaded to my computer but just recently felt okay enough to copy them to my phone
hahahahahahaha
and yeah
I guess I am a little narcissistic
I've put on this show of altruism for so long
I like helping people if I get recognized for it
Hahaha Broadway. And I am super narcissistic but I keep noticing how masochistic I am too
Like, when I get really upset and just break down and cry
It feels good in a way
you say the two as if they are dichotomous or something
narcissism and masochism are two VERY different things
haha
I know that lol
I am aware
ME TOO
I am laughing now
Hahaha why
because
why not
Chris says hi
Hahahahaha
hi chris............
OH NO
KERRY WASHINGTON'S CHARACTER IS SLEEPING WITH THE PRESIDENT
THIS SHOW IS SO GOOD
HAHA
Jesus
I don't like "dramas"
Remember when we would say "yes" when someone said oh god or whatever
I love dramas much
Dramarama melodrama
haha
I DO RECALL THAT
"...yeeees?"
Hahaha
what's your fav disease
Probably a mental one
mine is currently neurocysticercosis
or diabetes
wain brerms
Tell me about the first
or brain worms
HAHAHA WAIN BERMS
you get them from undercooked pork
and they make mucus sucks in your dura
and if they burst you die
and eggs go EVERYWHERE
GET OUT
I WILL KILK YOY
EGGS
ok
sorry
OUT
YOU FOUL BEAST
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
OK I QUIT I QUIT
Almost puked
*waves green flag with '36' on it*
I did cringe pretty hard
Hahahaha thirty six
Weirdo
what you want a white one
thats borin
HAHA
that's a non answer if I ever saw one
YOU FRAUD
what
oh
I thought that said freud
hahahahahahah
HAHAHAHAHAHAYA
THATS AWESOME
loooool
I just like
asked someone if i could clone their cat
I wonder what they will tell me
Dude
There are so many cats here
awh
They're on my porch
And shit
who am I kidding dude
I am a dog person. I just like kittens and davif wallace
I am tired of this charade
Hahahahaha
I am not that hip
Don't lie to yourself
Cats are not your forte
Be truthful
Be dog
be dog
hahahahahahahaha
I'm slowly removing my WV "friends" from FB
Because I hate most of them
oh no
the plastics are on the porch causing a ruckus
Lolol
"Okay"
are they twerking
I dunno
they could be
but I know one thing for sure
they aint loyal
dude remove all wv friends but me
PURGE
THE PURGE
OF LOUISVILLE
KY
oh no
I read about that
oh no
TEENS
lololol
STUPID TEENS
WE ACTUALLY NEED TO PURGE TEENS
What even happened
I bet nothing
I'm not sure I just briefly skimmed it
yah prolly
I youtube'd loyal by chris brown
and I'm listening to my sister and her posse in one ear and this in another
OH GOD
LITTLE WAYNE
IS SO GROSS
HE SAID
WHY HAVE AN INCH WHEN SHE COULD HAVE 9
Ewwwww he is gross
HAHAHAHA
also he's a little man. nice try weezy. we don't believe you
chris brown reminds me of domestic violence
like the advertisements with the bruised girls that are like advocating for telling someone about domestic violence
did I just invent that
HAHAHA
DUDE
what dude
what
the Lil Wayne thing
My thoughts exactly
yeah it's true
He is so short
Hahahahaha
he's like 5'1
Seriously
that is like a thing that people generally know
hahahaha
So I was just thinking about when I moved to north Carolina
And how bad that was
Compared to this
you di a good move this time
last move
: bad move
this one: good move
I rmemeber you talking about this
a long time ago
and thinking
"she should get out of here. she should do it"
Awwww fank you Mikel
and u did it
as the best
or something
no no
I DEED IT
IM DA BEST
I am the champion
I m n o t
gonna do it
we are the champions, my hen
and we'll keep on clucking
to the pen
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
butter
I LOVE YOU
Hahahahaha
I SAY THIS *BECAUSE* I LOVE YOU
cluck
Bawk
Bawk
beaks
Bawk
BAHKAWWWWK
CAW
CAW
I AM AN CHICKEN HAWK
HOLLOW OUT YOUR HUNGRY FRIES
there are hens clucking on the porch
Hungry fried
Fried hunger
hahahahahahahahaa
dude I listened to PATD yesterday
and was sad
because I only listen to them
when we sing their songs
I know they remind me of our singing tymes
dude I'm listening to music and
omg
ann hathaway singing I dreamed a dream comes on
going to cry
Lolol cry those flowing Versace water fall tears
my phone is the ULTIMATE LIBRARY
VERSACE TEARS
THEY CRYSTAL CLEAR. Riff RAFF, ATTACK MY BACK
Josh is pouring his heart out to me about how his only goal was to become manager of his department and now that he didn't get the job a few months ago there is nothing left for him
then he needs to leave
that's what you do
you move on
he's right
yo udid it
I mean he is saying how he doesn't have any real life goals now
Because that was it
oh no dude
that is awful
to be old and not get the one, relatively small thing you want
I'm sorry for him
I hope that never happens to me
I know. I'm trying to gently tell him basically that that's not really a huge goal
it's not
He could have much more
people who are relatively smart can have any goal they want within REASON
Yes
Exactly
A HEARRRRRT FULLLL OF LOVEEEEEEEEEEE
these are words he'll never say
not to me
He says its important to him because its all he has :(
that's sad
Hahaha
wine makes me smiley
so I'm not sad about what you said
but I acknowlege is sadness
ya dig
Hahaha I dig dog
awkward thing just happened
got a snap from bellu
bewlla
?
bella
it was of her and devon
and just for funsies
I replied
and she opened it, read it
and ignored it
LIKE
WHY EVEN SNAP ME WOMAN
she was smoking a newport
I laughed SO HARD
HAHAHA
SHE IS CHILD
as soon as we break up
she jumps back on cigarettes
she only didn't smoke
because I was going to be a doctor and thought I'd judge her
that's the honest y truth
hahahahahahaaha
HAHA
I mean
Yea that makes sense
the thing is
I'd rather have a nice smooth drag off of a cake cigarette
(a cape)
FUCK
A CUSTOM MOD
cigarettes taste bad
and smell bad
I have wanted one so badly today
I can't vape because
no vaping?
My vape has THC in it
From dabs
HAHAHAHA
Hahahaha
OH NO
DABS
#DABBING
#DABBEDOUT
#DABBER
Dibbadibbadabzzzz
can I read to you
what I saw on instaram
"shitting in the mouth of the bieest ass bith mouth bass, classifying humans depending on size of ass. ass asss asss. ass ass ass asss ass. ass ass. ass ass. ass ass ass ass ass ass ass."
......
I meant to send you "wut"
But I sent it to josh
While he is having an identity crisis of sorts
Haha hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
He is classified depending on ass
whatever this means
ruselle crowe is a decent actor
you know who is a bad actor
owen whatever his name is with the nose
I'm seriously coaching a grown man on how to find and achieve his goals
What is this
Hahahaha
I'm a good coach
what's his AIM
HAHAHAHAH
SOCCERKID
2893
ax7Micha3l7xt
bat wing flap
should I make a western omlette
Hahaha no make an eastern one
that's not a dish
last time I cooked drunk
I used someone entire supply of spgahetti and it was wet
but I had to eat it
"That's not a dish"
have you ever had wet spgahetti
Fuck you
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahaha
Hahahahahaha
IM TALKING LIKE A DENVER STYLE OMLETTE
dude that word
omg
omlette
omelette
fuck
at some point this year
some weekend
you need to come to columbus
so we can have a fiest and drink wine
Hahaha you should come here because it is wayyyy better than Columbus
you have a beach
whatever
(kind of important I GUESS)
also I can't afford to
hahaha
it would be liek a 14 hour bus ride
hahaha
so I could afford to
but again
twice the travel time
Dude a plane
There's an airport here
Lol
HOLY GOD
I looked it up
it's a 370 collar flight from cbus to nf
I NEED WILLIAM SHATNER
Hahahaha
he is helping me
Dude flights are fhwap
Cheap
he is negotiating
I will pay some for you
still 360$$
son of a bitch
When I have money I will help you get here
yay
You need to vacation anyways
I do
badl
y
should I have cereal, chips, or something HOT
Spicy stuff
I had ghost chili sauce on my Mac n cheese today
It was fucking grade A
so a western omelette with cha-loo-uh
HAHAHA
GRADE A
Cha loo uh
What
Hahahahaha
SHE SAID SHE IS SAVING HERSELF FOR A GRADE A PORK MACHINE
BUT THOSE ARE *EXPENSIVE*
......pork machine........
thank you double entendre
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Haha hahahaha
You craze E
like chucky the doll from that movie without the being a doll and killing people and the gingerness
He was the ugliest doll dude
I never watched those movies
They seemed too dumb for me
Even as a kid
Hahaha
it was ridiculous
I thinking it made matts mental illness worse
lol
i am gonna have chips and salsa to sober up
because I am at that point
to where I just want to fuck somebody, but I'm alone drinking so thats not gonna happen. I should have a LOT of salsa
OH NO
MARIA AND CASEY
JSUT CAME DOWNSTAIRS
AND WENT OUTSIDE
THEY WERE UP THERE FOR A WHILE
:' | yuck
Ewwwwwwwww
Gross as hell
hahahahaha
#ratchet
OMG WHIC HTHING
HAHAHa
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHa
HAHAHAHA
I AM GROSS
I HAVE GROSS THINGS TO SAY "GENERALLY"
brain worms
sex
Get out
Hahahaha
You are
Bella is ignoring me because she thinks I am being flirty
G r o s s
little does she know
No
Tell her she is wrong
Tell her
YOU DONT CARE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I was just trying to be a buddy. she is also drunk. shes' with a trash person, but whatever
you said
the worst thing a girl could hear
is
following a relartionship
the ex likes boys more
Hahahaha well
I CANT
Yea
HAHAHAHHAA
I guess she doesn't know
That she is
NOT YET at least
Playing with fire
She doesn't know what she's fucking with
You could destroy her world
or not fuckign with
HAHAHAHAHA
Hahahaha
I could
OMG
I COULD BE LIKE
FOLLOWING OUR RELATIONSHIP
I LIKE MEN
I PREFER GUYS
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I think in drunken stoopers
I have complained about sex with bella to people
I THINK
You have to me
She sounds like she was laaaame
Surry but troo
maybe I prefer guys because I've never fucked a girl who was even partially interested in sex
HAHAHA
She was lame
Yes I was just thinking that hahaha
So dude
Let me update you
GO GO GO
At this point josh is basically asking me to hook him up with a job somewhere
He said if I see anything to let him know
He is incredibly unhappy where he is
ehhhhhhh
wel that's not asking much
The fact that he is being honest about it
Is good
I mean you could help him out there
I would gladly help him
If anyone deserves help
Its him
I could get him an interview at GEICO
he is a sad soul
GEICO
hahaha
Making 15 an hour at the bottom position
you put the effrot in to capitalize it
JESUS
Yea dude
They hair test though
Hahaha
But he would pass
all he smokes is conditioner
Dude they would definitely give him a supe job too
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I use that conditioner now
Because its the best there is
I have a hair thing
I like good hair
ME TOO SO MUCH HAIR MEANS SO MUCH
do not come up to me with that general short haircut where you don't even have to comb it
I NEED TO SEE YOU WORKED TO LOOK GOOD
he sent me a photo of his hair unslicked yesterday
And it was
So cute
And white
And thick
Good hair
why does he still dye his hair white blodne at age 53
FUCK
NO
35
hahahhaaha
FUCK
I hate you haha hahahaha
Because
The same reason I will do the same at "37"
would you be more pleased with him if he was younger
Because he likes the way it looks
I mean I'm not judging
I'm just CURIOUS
like
do you like him like he is
or
Because
if he was 26
would it be better
I almsot feel like
if he was
Well
Honestly
there could be something
I have seen photos of him at like 26
And he was fucking adorable and just gahhhh
But, he still is to me
And time is constant so
I can't change that
I like guys who look much younger than they are. but I'm at an age where I can afford to have that attraction.
I definitely dig that disney prince look though
HAHAHA
dude
Joy's boyfriend, OH MY GOD
OH MY GOD
I haven't told you this, but OH MY GOD
Hahahahahaha you told me he looks like a Disney prince
i played piano with this kid, as a kid
and he actually looks like what I would draw a disney prince as
if I had to invent one
OH MY GOD
JESUS
I must have a secret but not secret thing for him
because I OBVIOUSLY have said this before
HAHAHAHAHA
I DIDNT KNOW I HAD
STUPID ALCOHOL
Lolol you shows him to me
He's at the citidel and he's going to be a marine
which is so gross though
yuck military
there are actual conversations I just DONT RECALL
watf
Hahaha dude everyone here is in the military
Everyone
YEAH
I MEAN
YOU LIVE IN THE VA VERSION OF WHERE SHANNON CHATY LIVED IN TEXAS
A MILITARY WIFE COMMUNITY
Josh said to talk to no one in the military because they are "morally bankrupt" hahaha
Yea dude that's what it is
I swear
the military is awful
they are like
join us
we will pay for your college after one tour of iraq
I MEAN
two
THREE
YOUVE LOST A LEG
YOU'RE ON DISABILITY FOR LIFE
YOU CANT GO TO SCHOOL
YOURE DEAD NOW
Dude, Chris has been "thinking about" doing something military
NO
NO
I'm like, no.
TELL HIM NO
I will PHYSICALLY STOP HIM
IT IS NOT A WAY OUT
Hahaha
I PROMISE
Yea I won't let him
THEY MAKE IT SEEM LIKE IT IS
IT ISN'T
HAHA
He won't do it, I won't allow it
they would come to our high school
and like preach at us
I discourage it a lot
like
NO
i totally wastyping something pivotal
i needed to tell you
but forgot
because I looked away
DAMN YOU
Fuck hahaha
So
Josh just told me basically to find him a job
dude
But he also said he can't deal with seeing Chris all of the time
you can keep your eyes open
no biggie
but don't over exert yourself
And "giving him side eye"
And yea, I wont
Hahahahaha
yeah
haha
HOW DO YOU MEASURE A YEAR IN THE LIFE
HOW ABOUT LOVE
I SHOULD BE SOBER SOON
I AM SORRY
tell me more about josh
HAHA
well
He is basically telling me how he doesn't want Chris to flip shit if he finds out he is moving down here
And I can't tell him Chris already knows
dude I rewatched rent today, and the last time I watched it was with bella. It was weird.
dude
the thing is
HE ON LY
MAY B
like
it's not even fin
definitive
like he should not freak out
he is always SO CAREFUL
I know, he is saying "if"
No he is not being careful
He is obviously trying to get me away from Chris
Duh
does josh know how to play wonderwall on the guitar
I feel like he's that guy
HAHA
he can play nothing
On anything
oh
hm
not even bass
(the simpletons guitar)
No haha hahahaha
wow
shocking
I tried to convince him that he could
really
And he got so angry
I thought he'd at least have a go
Hahahaha
He has tried
He has a bass I think
classifying humans on basis of size of bass
Hahahaha
Sausage fingers
HAHAHAHAHA
OH NO
Why does being tall make people more attractive
whts up with thatth
there are studies on it
and its like true
SOMETHING ABOUT TALL PEOPLE
Okay so josh just said
He would really value having a friend here
But
He doesn't want me to think he "moved for me or something"
Lolol
Obviously if he does or doesn't, that doesn't matter
Anyone who moves out of Charleston is obviously just trying to escape
ecaxtly
It's a hell hole
dude star buks is serving the pumpkin spice latte early this year, and I don't give a shit
thanks starbuks
and buzffeed
Josh wants more out of life but is too proud to even pursue it
Josh is finally pursuing it, he is talking as if I find him a job he is taking it and moving. Why else would he talk so specifically about the details of living here.
He just said when he no longer codes into TMWin he will cry his eyes out
Which means he's already dealing a little bit with the loss of that and the change
thats' right
have you ever made a bacon weave
I just ate a LOT of salsa with a spoon
Haha hahahaha
What kind of question even is that
You're crazy
you know who is an actual babe
evan peters
jesus
YES
Yes
YES
Yes
YES
dear GOD
GAHHHHHH
HAHAHAHA
I have been going through evan peters tags on tumblr
hahahaha
there's something very
modern beck
about him
I HAVE ALWAYS SAID THAT
ALWAYS
it's so true
he's like
if it's possible
and even more
IN MURDER HOUSE DUDE
boyish looking beck
I WOULD MURDER HIS BODY WITH MY BODY
hahahahahah
is he gonna be in AHS still
He better dude
He fucking better
he's one of those people
that bella was always like
"he's so cute"
and i was secretly like
" I know "
HAHA
yes
That's awesome
I just tumblr googled
potato
and there are so many dishes
that I want to consume
I am hungry now
Thanks a lot
Getting back out of bed in search of food
I am sorry
Hahaha
don't google food
it will suck
I never do
Buzzfeed kills me with the food lists
I want it all
dude the one thing that money can provide for me, that I truly want
Is to just cook decadent cuisine
and enjoy it with someone
I would eat a 2,000 dish
I love food
I am selfish about it
I do too man
I am not a great cook because I am lazy though
I can boil eggs
And pasta
Even that is a little much though
All the surveillance
And shit
I love cooking a lot
Ans eating
I bet you could cook if you experimented with it a bit. It's a creative process
it smells like cigarettes in here thanks to the plastics
Hahaha
I can coon
Cook
HAHAHAHA
I can coon too
I coon well
coon everywhere
I'm dying
Hahahahaha
I hate being drunk alone, but i still am happy and get smiley
but being aorund people is preferable
ok coon
no dont go yet
Hahaha
I am here Mikel
YAY
< 3
you know what is irrritating
can I tell you what is boterhesome
Yas pls
This whole "legalize gay marriage thing." Marriage is such a hetereonormative ideal. It's very much tied to patriarchy and stuff.  Everyone should be able to get married, but why are LGBT people so desperate to get married? It's just the reaffirmation of an ideology burned into our brains by old world theology
THAT WAS A RANT
OH NO
SORRY
I just saw a post on fb
I AGREE SO MUCH
You are smart then
you get it
MARRIAGE IS A BULLSHIT THING IN THE FIRST PLACE
EXACTLY
ITS SO ARBITRARY
Why do they need to fight for that stupid shit
ANYEONE SHOULD BE ABLE TO DO IT
BUT
WHY IS THAT WHAT PEOPEL ARE FIGHTING FOR
IT'S USELESS
IT'S JUST A LEGAL DELCARATION
it means nothing as far as love goes
Like WAHHH I WILL NEVER BE HAPPY UNTIL A FUCKING PRIEST ENDORSES MY RELATIONSHIP
HAHAHA
RIGHT
*high five*
AND I NEED TO MAKE SURE I CAN TAKE HALF OF WHAT THE OTHER PERSON HAS IF THEY LEAVE ME
like what
I don't wanna do that do that to ANYONE
*five highed&
I have such an unstable Internet connection
I want to be back in colimbus gettin 25mbps
Charlesron Internet is garbage
Hahaha I have none, and I'm on Boost Mobile: "Where you at?"
at the end of preposition street
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
school house rocking
oh no
I'm listening to justin bieber now
things are getting real
That was the funniest answer you could have given
Hahahaha
Also
Why Justin briber
Hahahaha
He is such an asshole
he is a piece of human garbage
like burning human garbage
his life is worth nothing
but
HAHAHA
he has a silky youthful voice. and something about him is a LITTLE bit cute, but not in an overtly sexual way
it's like
oh a white guy can do r&b
ok
its OK
that never happens
Dude
Justin Timberlake
*drops mic*
HM
I HAVE MIXED OPINIONS
GET OUT HIS VOICE IS THAT OF THE GODS
see
i love nsync
he was so good in nsync
and his first studio
love sex future soudns or whatever
that was good
I prefer nsync though
I'm watching space ghost. And the original version of the aqua teen hunger force is on here
And frylock said
"I sense hungry teens!"
OMG
YES
HAHAHAHAhA
HUNGRY TEENS
*TEENS*
I dumped out the rest of that wine
I think it was a good choice
because I stepped on a nail
and didn't feel it
HAHAHA
that's bad
Be currful
I am
I dumped it out
hhahaha
I want to warn you of something
If you are ever in a more social drinking setting with me
you have to watch me
have to
because my foot, is going to hurt a lot tomorrow
I will, I will police you HAHAHA
I want you to be here for my birffday partay
I tend to do things like spill my guts to strangers, try to make out with everyone, hurt myself
things like that
so if am there
just be aware
HAHAHAHA
hurt yourself
Hahahaha
Be careful
not on purpose
just with
the environment
hahahahaha
Man so
You want to laugh?
HAHAHA
ok let's here it
yes
So
Instead of lile
Like
A normal person sending dick pics or whatever people do
Josh links me to tranny porn
Like
WHY
WHY
WHY
that doesn't even equate
what
like
sexting is one thing
sharing porn is another
...?
Yea I guess they are different but like
I guess I appreciate no sexting
very mich spo
Because its crass to me
I don't appreciate that
Sexting is fun
Eh
you're a prude
I am
HAHAHA
Hahahaha
You'll get over it eventually
I think that's why he likes me so much
I am a prude
it's something you have to just work through
I have in the past been a prude
he likes that is what youre saying?
haha
I assume he isn't then?
Well I think he likes it because he has made a point to say I seem super innocent
And I am a prude so obviously he likes it
Because that's a large part of me as a person in a sexual relationship
Lol
That's another thing we differ on. I am like a hypersexual 15 year old
There are so few differences between us
But the ones that exist
You are. HAHAHA
Define us
God dammit I don't mean to laugh that hard
Yea
I agree
They really do haha
It's funny because of me being me
Like, we differ in our intimate relationships I think
Oh yes
Quite a bit
That's true
Our friendship behavior is what is similar
I feel like maybe
just maybe
you're better at friendships. Like maintaining multiple ones. Think about how much I deviate and change friend cirles
but maybe
just maybe I'm better at intimacy
you have super solid business relationships too
Hm, that's very true. My romantic relationships always go up in flames HAHAHA
DAMMIT
I DONT WANT TO LAUGH THAT HARD
they do because you
you...
ROMANTICIZE THEM
HAHAHA
Oh god hahahaha
Screw you man
You're so right
Lolol
Dick is dick dude, nothing more. Tits are tits.
just think of intamacy like that.
HAHAHA
its so hard for me
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
When I want sex
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I don't just want sex
I know
FUXK YOY
HAHAHAHAHAHA
: /
I want like
sorry for that lauhter but oyu know why I luahged
hahahaha
you want the whole package
HAHAHAHA
A meshing of souls
sorry
Essentially
Hahaha
as heard in nymphomaniac
ehem
the secret to sex
is
LOVE
*girl storms out of teen sex club*
she couldn't handle that
Lololol
Is that the moral of the story?
Shes so depraved and that's why she can't get off
Because she's using people
I don't know lolol
yes
like it's disordered
hahaha
shes like tellign the story
after a guy picks her up form the road
bruised and bloody
Wow
Hahahahaha
I didn't realize how much I loved the human body until after I exited a relatioship that seemed to shame it
hahahahahahaha
Lolol
I think I need to get on okcupid
Because
I need to not focus on one person
get on TINDER
ok cupid is for lonely weird adults
and I'm gonna tell you this straight
you're friends at TM were jsut weird adults.
you have youth
don't make an ok cupid
Dude tindr is weird because you can only like a person based on looks
YES
EXACTLY
ITS SUPERFICIAL
ENJOY IT
Oh and I know that dude. Why do you think I always said it was like high school hahaha
They are like kids
THEY WERE
haha
I hated them all so much
Seriously
Hahaha
yeah
me too.
hahahahahaa
Okay so like
lets hur it
Josh decided to talk about "racy" stuff and I'm always pretty straight forward and non sexual about it hahaha
But
omg
At some point he's just like "OK"
the fact that you said "racy"
just demonstrates how uncomfrotable you are
haha
HAHA
what makes you the most uncomfortable about sex?
Ummm
It seems
Compromising
I want to be a respected person
like putting yourself out there with something so sensitive?
And sex is not respectable
Yes
OK
And that last thing
so here is what I need to correct with you. Or at least point out
Sex is not involved in the concept of respect
not even in the middle ages
that is a false concept
Ethically, it's no different than any other human interaction
unless well, you purposefully give someone aids via sex
that's ethically...a grey area as far as sex is concerned
but you need to purge yourself of this idea that sex is shameful
Yea aids is not so great lol
I know
I was raised that it was
My mom always made it seem that way
I know
It's just
it's not
and you jsut need to occasionally remind yourself that it's ok
haha
like
the word whore, slut, ect, don't even really exist
I mentioned it to josh, he's just like, you get really embarrassed
because guys do the same thing without a label
I hate myself haha
sex is just part of the human experience
no no no
don't over think it
talk it out with him
I'm trying to. I keep telling myself what you're saying. That its natural and just a part of being human.
don't over think it
jsut say
do
This may be gross or I may just be a prude
it's probably not gross
but go on
But it kind of sucks to be too uncomfortable with sex to orgasm
that must suck
you probably over think it
It really does.
liek everything else
you think too much
which is a nonsense saying kind of
but in this instance
I do D: I can't turn off the brain
it's KIND of true
You just have to do it once to turn it off
live without premonition
just once
and then you become comfortable with it
Hm.
This makes sense because
I can with Chris
you need to form a solid group of friends
like new fiends
in your new life.
just put yourself out there.
people in their 20s.
Just let go of inhibitions.
get comfotable with people.
I don't like people in their 20s though. Well, a few haha
Yea
I don't know I'm just not a comfortable person
I know
that's why you choose companions that you're obviously better than. Not like even a little, like obviously. You like being in a "comfort zone"
Hahahahaha
Explain that
You could obviously have done better than chris. The fact that you were clearly the superior in the relationship put you in a situation to where you were comfortable. You didn't have to think about anything as far as the relationship. It was frustrating, but it wasn't interesting. it was "comfortable"
I think I may still be drunk a bit
so my wording is off
Hm. I have never seen him as obviously inferior to me
but I'm trying to say somthing
and I can't figure out what it is
hahahahaha
Hahahaha you've got this
I don't know if I, like, would be comfortable with a person seeing me orgasm. That feels like the weakest thing a person could do. If I don't do it, I have the upper hand. I know that makes no sense.
I think
you need to fuck someone drunk, get comfortable with it, and then do it sober
I know that sounds like a BAD decision
but it makes sense here
but alcohol gets rid of those inhibitions
I would never be able to orgasm drunk haha. I am basically sexually stunted in the first place.
alcohol helps you get comfotablr with that stuff
No but I'm saying
I am totally comfortable with sex
Like, behind closed doors of course
then what are we talking about
hahahaha
Just, sex
I have no problem there
No no
I can have sex but I cannot orgasm
Well, I can, but you know. Not with other people generally.
I bet you think a lot about things that aren't in the immediate moment
Yes. All of the time.
I think about like
Everything
yeh I figured
that's the issue
How do I not do that?
see
that's on you
however
it probably would take one isntance
to cure yourself of the issue
Josh just said.... "If you were a long term project for me".... I am interested to see what the hell he could follow that with hahaha
HAHAHA
"I'd make it my business to break you"
Hahahahaha
Jesus
I HATE
the way that's worded
why does he sound like
a
strained poet
hahahaha
No no let me translate
I prefer very blunt language
Let me translatebhahaha
he needs to not talk like he's writing the libbretto of an opera
TRANSLATE
"You are a long term project and I will break you"
Is what he meant
Hahahaha
emotionally? phsycially?
what?
I don't know, I'm trying to figure it out.
Okay he just said
Maybe he is not enough for me
And then
"But you are not a longterm project. Sadly."
I'm asking what the hell that even means
lolol
waat
Hisbwording is just wrong
He said that means
He is not having sex with me all of the time
That has nothing to do with long term
Lol
He is deluding himself
He just told me that he "loves" when he has been with me, and wouldn't change a thing about me physically
He is wishy washy
HAHAHA to prove my point I just got a "I am quite fond of you". Why does he have to talk like Morrissey hahaha
HAHAHA
THATS WHAT IM SAYING
so I'm watching the series finale of 30 rock
and it's so PERFECTLY orchestrated
I love when shows end RIGHT
Me too dude. Like. I hate shows ending at all but if they end it has to happen right
RIGHT
like dexter
what was that trash
the whole last two seasons of that show
trash
Yes that is what I was referring to mainly hahahaha
I wanted to kill everything
very few shows have ended in such a way
that was SO dissatisfyinh
Holy shit dude
I just mentioned to Chris that I was talking to you about how bad the end to dexter was
And he just looked at me
Apparently he had been talking about the exact same thing just now with some chick
HAHAHAHA
that's hilarious
I know dude lololol
The ending to the office was like tear jerking
The ending to parks and rec I assume will also be tear jerking
Hm what else has had a good ending
Yes
I need morenparks and rec
When does it come back?
SPRING
the LAST SEASON
EVER
</3
Inknooow
D:
I ahven't even finished season 6
all I know
is I saw up to where leslie was booted out of city ocuncil
haha
Whaaat
You
You
Gah!
Watch them all!!!
I will within thr week haha
Yes
Exactly
I fell asleep and woke up sober
Hahaha sleep ftw!
Thank you based god
And josh is actually talking me through my issues pretty successfully?
good.
Was I helpful at all
or did I just pass out
The fact that I over think things is helped by the fact that he is so dominant. If he tells me to not think, I can effectively listen to him.  And you did help some.
as best I could
hahaha
Yes hahaha
Its an odd issue sob
So
Lolol
bella nad I are having this odd back and forth on tumblr
haha
she's like reblogging me
and I liked one of her posts
BUT SHE WOULDNT SNAP ME BACK
I feel like I was worked up over that
haha
Hahaha
Like
She is interacting with you but not on your terms
That is annoying
IT IS
I HAVE MY OWN TERMS THAT I LIKE TO USE
Didn't she read the user agreement?
The Terms of Use are pretty solid
she obviously just clicked agree
Hahahahah
reblogging awkwardly is actually not in any clause
Awkwardly hahaha
It's awkward if you ignore me two hours earlier
Yes, i agree
That is awkward
Because where do you even pick up
Haha
Hahah dude I dunno.
David Wallace is so nocturnal
Oh yea? Your cat is nocturnal? Please tell me more.
Hahahaha
Hey
Hey hunder
Go fuck yourself
HAHA
fuck you
Bruh
I know
I want a siberian husky so badly
They are berry cool
they are the most beautiful animals besides german shepherds and david wallace and baby pandas and also the rapper kelis
I'm bossy, I'm the bitch yall love to hate
Geckos are better
HAHAHAHAHA
I'm the chick thats' rasied the stake
I told young stunna he should switch to bape
I'm back with an 808
CAUSE IM BOSSY
that may have been my text tone at age 12
What is that song hahaha
BOSSY by kelis
hahahahaha
Kelis huh
I have heard of her
I also had this as my ringer:
BACK DEN HOES DIDNT WANT ME NOW HOT HOES ALL ON ME
I SAID
BACK DEN HOES DIDNT WANT ME NOW HOT HOES ALL ON ME
and this: WE WERE MEANT TO LIVE FOR SO MUCH MORE
Hahahaha Chris loves rick ross
I know
I always felt like that was so random
I just love two songs. There's one where slim thug and paul wall have a verse that i like i think
OH YEAH
STILL TIPPIN
HAHAHA yes you guys are ridiculous
Widdat shit
Now look who creeping look who crawling still balling in the mix
It's that six six long dick slim n**** sticking your chick
Oh god hahahaha
Four fours I'm tippin'
wood grain I'm gripping catch me lane switching with the paint drippin turn yo nake and yo dame missin
WHAT AM I SAYING
I don't know dude
I really do not
remind me whats better a pair of black aces or a pair of red aces
I have no ides dude haha
So for the first time ever
Josh has told me
To message him tomorrow
Hahahaha
That's the level of commitment he is willing to give
That's cool with me
planned messages
haha
Hahaha
His words are not the same as his actions
I'm onto him now
yeah you mentioned that
haha
He slipped up several time today, BIG times. I just like making not of each contradiction haha
hahaha
that's twisted
but I get it
I keep checking my bank account to see if my 60 dolalr paycheck went through lol
I keep checking mine to make sure I have money for living because I'm sort of terrified even though I have geckos to keep me safe
D:
oh me oh my
I'm about to go to bed, the jets will wake me up at 8 Hahaha
haha same here dude
Later yoooo
night
Nacht
hi
Hey dude
my sister was just arguing so hard downstairs
I can't wait to escape from here
lol
Lol sorry there's a girl here who is buying a gargoyle and she's been here for two hours
wq
ew
why
are you friends with her or something?
We are now! Haha
HAHAHA
NICE
Yes!
Also, josh is going to apply to geico today
Good stuff happening
oh
hm
that's cool
I even found Thai noodles to eat for breakfast
Lol
Deetz plz
Haha dude I am running everywhere right now, I'll message you when I am able to slow down
Okay deetz
Lolol
avacoda
That girl with the red hair actually fucking is a run away omg get me out of this halfway house
Hahahahaha wtf dude
yeah
life
haha
nan
damn
wow
This is the happiest I've ever been dude
Ever
That's so awesome
I'm almost to that point
almost
but I'm happy too
How can you not be happy on the beach
There are dolphins dude
Dolphins
that you can sseeee
like
swimming in the water
Yes dude
Jumping out of the water
thats amazing
Also I love Kendall's family
Her mom is so nice and welcoming and encouraging
really?
thats interesting
haha
great
She's so psyched for me to join her team dude. SO PSYCHED.
Yay
I miss u dude
: (
i don't know when I'm gonna be able to come down
PSH not soon enough
I'm so bored.
omg
I had to fight myself on eating a whole bag of potato chips
I'm letting Kendall fake cry to this dude who gives her money so she can buy us dinner and possibly help with rent hahaha
Its fucked I know
wow
I mean whatever works
Yea dude
she is one of the worst trash people though
HAHAHAHA
THAT IS
Chris is getting on my nerves so bad
SOME LOW LOW STUFF
Like
He's acting like a tired child
? how so
He's just grumpy and said he doesn't want to go back to WV soon because he won't want to come back
Help me -.-
wow
he's pathetic
no words
I know I fucking hate him dude
I have tried to cater to his feelings in some way
But now I just can't
He's like, wahhh I'm so lonely
And I said. You should have made internet friends like I did
HAHA
And he made some fucking comment about how my job is to fuck around on FB all day
HE SHOULD HAVE
I wanted to slap him
dude I am watching the non-musical version of Les Miserables, starring uma therman and liam neeson and it's like from 1998, and I'm not sure what to expect here
Haha I cannot follow Broadway at all
I LOVE UMA THERMAN
Its so boring to me
and liam nesson
I do too
Lolol
so I have high hopes.
I'm gonna try and turn in at like 11 tonight. haha
I'm so hungry gahhhh
Yes good idea
I hve those wasabi chips
I've been waking up at fuckinf 8 every day
For no reason
And Chris always sleeps until noon
I hate it
wow
That's rough
hm
And HE is the one sleeping in the passenger seat
Fucking free loader
haha  why fo you say that
because he's sleeping?
Because he just bitches constantly and I drive him everywhere and I sell the geckos so we have money!
wow
so that's super annoying
Yes dude I want to pull out my hair
don't
you need it for scalp warmth
HAHA
IT THE BEACH
NO I DONT
I feel like uma thurman could take anyone in kick boxing
here's a gross name
geoffery
Ew that is gross
Hahaha
liam nesson is the most stoic human being
what is wrong with him. he is a successful actor
Hahaha
Dude I'm watching Kendall get cash from her sugar daddy in the Walmart parking lot
that's actually deplorable
YUCK
her's what I hate about fb
people hide their relationship status, things like that
you can "ask" who they are with, or "ask" what movies they like
WHY
Hahaha  yea I agree
I don't like that either
also
"who wants to chill"
get off of here with that. No one wants to chill
SERIOUSLY
you should comment
NO ONE OTHERWISE YOU WOULDNT BE POSTING THIS
What am I going to do until Friday dood
I know I'm bitching
But god this is awful
I'm sorry :(
I mean
At least you can be alone
I can't
Ever
Yeah there is that. ..
But I'm surrounded by vagabonds
Hahaha
Hahaha  vagabonds
Night crawler
"Hungry betches just liked your photo"
Lolol I'm about to go to a hookah bar and Kendall just gave me 160 of her sugar daddy money
I love her HAHAHA
whoa
lucky
hahaha
you forget that hookah bars are a thing until you leave charleston
OH NO
I WENT DOWNSTAIRS
MARIA AND THE VAGABOND ARE DANCING TO THE SONG I KEEP TALKING ABOUT
*But she twerk*
HAHAHA dude I changed shirts in my car and I'm now in a club
Hahahaha what
There's a DJ
Edm night until 3 am
On a Sunday dude
don't you go into work tomorrow?
haha
Noblol I start in a week
oh dman
Yea dude I'm partying hard until then haha
lucky
I just sent an inquiry to a plastic surgeon about fixing my ears...hahaha
Actually no, I got my dose of partying before school, I shouldn't be complaining
hahaha
Lolol what about your ears
I sent an inquiry to a columbus aesthetic surgeon to talk about getting a consult on them. Basically repairing the disgusting that is my floppy ear holes. Forever shutting that part of myself out. It's symbolic, and also aesthetic haha
Ohhhh
Dude I'm actually in da club
Dudes motioned mebto them
And I was like, no
hi
Hey
Hahaha
Just woke up
Got home at 5 an
Am
HAHA
omg
wow
I just bought stuff for my bathroom. It's going to look very neat.
That's awesome man
I danced on a table with a black girl to Diplo
Breaking down hang ups
Hahahaha
life can be fun
see
Yes dude it was SO FUN and then we went to the beach afterwards, it was so insane I could not believe it was real
haha
that's  so awesome
Now I'm in business casual about to get drug tested hahaha
oh boy
So you know how I use a shit ton of emoticons that no one else really uses? Haha
No
I don't use them with you
They're fillers for conversation
Hahaha
Anywaus
Josh has started copying them
And he started hashtagging stuff because of us
Hahahaha
PLZ B UP
Hai
Dude I have
Toasted skin syndrome
Hahahaha
On the back of my left leg
Hahaha
Its a real thing lol
I believe I got it from putting all of my weight on my left leg while driving
Are you serious
Yes
Its not gross yet because its just been happening for like a month or maybe since it got so hot outside
But i thought it was bug bites
Dude I went to work this evening
Charleston people are such shit hahaha
Yes dude they're terrible lol
BACK TO THE ROOM WHERE IT all Began
I was trying to listen to them today
But Spotify like to fuck me
I read that as
spotify fuck it to me
HAHA
dude I hatched out three bebes today
REALLY?
is that a lot
Yes
A clutch is two eggs
Two clutches normally don't hatch on the same day
One egg from one clutch went bad so there were only 3
wow
hm
My fucking stupid thigh hurts
I'm so afraid of vascular issues
D:
yeah stop that
it's not vascular
it's a bad burn thing
haha
No its related to vasodilation
From the heat
How did you did you do it again
The only thing I can think of is shifting my weight onto my left leg when driving, and the summer heat keeping my car warm
I'm assuming that's what it is because that's all that makes sense
well that sucks dude
see if it clears up tomorrow
No dude its been weeks
I just figured out what I think it is
Well I don't know what to tell you
because
now isn't the best time to go to the doctor
I know
haha
Yea D:
I keep trying to sell geckos and everyone is being so fucking cheap
Gah
I keep trying to flirt with someone who is so so so nice but is at best a 6
our similar struggles
yours, involving real world problems
mine
involving me being superficial and not knowing how to handle it
I'm going to sell you on facebook yardsale
If you could get like 600 dollars, I'll stare into someone's eyes for like 10 minutes straight
HAHAHAHA
There is pretty much nothing I wouldn't do for 600 bucks.
Literally
Yea I mean, I would do a lot. Haha
Although I would only sell some geckos for thatv
gods tits
and beans
twerk deck
Dude I may have to pawn my first electric guitar, my Dean, and my special edition epiphone, both were giftsbfrom my dad :(
Real life is the worst sometimes
noooooooooooooo
no oooooooo
: (
I'm so frustrated
Also I saw sailfin dragons for sale today
I will probably never seen them for sale again
I need to buy one
But I can't
Can't handle the emotions
ahhhh
so much
Google sailfin dragon
Look at that shit dude
Look at it
is that a dinoasaurus
Right?! It looks crazy! They're over 4 feet long
jesus
see like
I see reptiles
a lot like art
but thats seriously alive
That's how I see them
Thats why I love them so much
Thats why I like ones that don't move a lot, or small ones. I don't see them as pets.
I do however like them a good bit
THIS IS THE WORST THING EVER OMG
https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/v/t1.0-9/10391041_686566364751829_2206446441596081015_n.jpg?oh=af0df3d717a0cf866517f20e398b6791&oe=5466703C&__gda__=1415774432_bbc3a3ab2c275e954c1057d206a3b5a2
I'm eating peanut butter. Yummm
Wut
THE WORST
I HATE FB
HAHAHAHA HE IS PHOTO SHOPPING HIS PHOTOS
he's photoshoppping photoshopped phot
os
HAHA
he is human garbage
*pushes his airbrushed face down the disposal*
*pulls switch*
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"that's how michael takes out the trash"
it seems like he really struggles with the english language, well actually language in general. well, culture. he's bad at being human
some just are
Hahahahaha I saw his cold water challenge
I didn't. I cant
I CANT
HAHAHAHA
I hate when people post garbage fppd tp fcebok
and be like
I didn't turn the audio on
look what i made with bae
Is his voice ridiculous?
Bae
Hahahaha
kill me
end it all for bae
HAHAHA
I haven't had a good laugh today
Harr harr harr
I'm sorry bae
S'okaybae
aye bae bae
wait thats not it
HAHA
THAT SONG
that laffy taffy
middle school
solja boy tell em
remember when I met the new boyz
in pittsburgh
and was like
"rappers"
You met them?
Lolol
yes
at a hotel
They told me if they were on a strings trip
they would be smoking mad weed
HAHAHAHAHAHA
no lie
THATS AMAZING
*exits elevator*
loooooool
I looked at the dude in there with me
and was like
.....was that the new boyz......I think it was and they just advised us to smoke
story end.
/thread
HAHAHAHA
inb4 hunter referencing stupid garbage people
LOOOOL
that's every time dude
OMG Greys anatomy starts back up september 25th
my life has MEANING
and it WONT conflict with parks and rec
it would have
BUT NOT THIS SEASON
Dude
New trailer park boys on Netflix
NO
September 5th
WHAT
OMG
OMG
MY LIFE IS ALL COMING TOGETHER
YES
PERFECTION
A BEAUTIFUL PUZZLE
so i was thinking about something
OF LIFE
yes Mikel?
I will be in columbus for 14 weeks. I will only be living out of state for FOURTEEN MORE WEEKS. This means, you need to come up to columbus, and fucking do something stupid with me while I enjoy my last months of ACTUAL independence from my family
that's really not that long dude
Okee dokee maybe I'll get a plane there.
that would be so awesome
and I got this awesome cookbook, so by then hopefully I will be a master chef
I start work Monday
Yes
and we'll also be able to buy booze
Cook 4 me
*ok bae*
what even
MONDY
MUNDY
FUN DY
hobo eye for the straight guy
deal or no hobo
Pundy
Hahahaha
Wut
rewatching 30 rock, I forget to tell you that I'm just quoting random garbage
hahaha
GIMME YOUR FINGERNAILS
"no"
HAHAHA
I am watching crocodile hunter because Chris has so few things I haven't seen on his hard drive
And I have no interwebs
damn
also dude
monday
like
I was thinking
WOW after this weekend
it's fucking tuesday of the week before
hahaha
HAHAHA
I KNIW
I KNEW YOU WOULD
like thanks for using your words that you like to use at me
That's for typing on those stupid fucking buttons that's you like to ticky tappy type at me
Dude why do I like
Slip into street lingo
At the worst times
Hahahaha
dude you dont
it's more like
the way disney's goofy speaks
HAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
like when you slip into weird lingo
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
it's how goofy talks
hahahahaha
read stuff back to yourself in his voice
FUCK YOU
I don't sound like goofy
I don't
HAHAHAHA
you type like him *eh HA eh HA HAHA * *Snort*
YOURE HIGH
I'm never high
I don't do pot
dick weed
Do you ever like
Get scared
no
When you seebthat someone has sent you a picture
oh no haha
HAHAHA
I hate it
The anticipation
SWEATINF
I can actually not open this photo
I can't
what is it of
send it to me first
I'll evaluate
I will puke from embarrassment for him
and decide if its appropriate for your eyes
HAHAHAHAHA
I see it in the message, if I enlarge the thumb nail I will freak out
He is at the gym
And took a mirror picture
OH NO
I hate seeing selfies
OH NO
I HATE SELFIES
Do me a favor: make a snapchat, just for me, so we can communciate throughout the day, because I HATE FACEBOOK and it uses too much data when I'm not at home.
(SPEAKING OF SELFIE ABUSE)
dude
just open the photo
wait
YES OKAY
who SENT THIS
Snapchat
Josh
Hahaha
just double checking
He has started like
and THANK YOU
Getting even more personal and shit
Its getting ridiculous
I have never seen someone change so quickly
SNAPCHAT
That's insane dude
Like
He is now talking to me all through work every day
That's so not like him
*downloading Snapchat*
YES
Its taking like 10 minutes haha
The cell service is so bad
HAHA
oh no
well the app itself is fast. doesn't use much data
I figured
does riff raff ever say
selfie game strong
because I say it
and I hear it in his voice
Hell no hahaha
but I don't think he says it
But that's hilarious
I love riff
strawng
I need to listen to him more again
ITS THE WHITE WESLEY SNIPES
and just bippitty bop around
Yes
His new album
"New" album
Lolol
NEon oVEn
WET WiLLiES
Aquaberry dolphin
Rap game Mazda miata headlights
HAHAHA
I THINK HE TWEETED THAT ONCE AND I DIED FROM PLEASURE PAIN
Pleasure pain dude
HAHAHA haha
What is that like
BDSM
loool
no that's more psychological I think
but kind of
like
it hurts so good
HAVE YOU NEVER HAD SOMETHING HURT SO GOOD
Ummmm tattoos
Yes
okay that *works* I #guess
Excuse you, *weeks
*werks
twerk squad
assemble
*ass rumble*
*demon nick minaj appears*
*we all turn to liquid plastic*
"mmmmMMMMMmmMMM"
Liquid plastic
HAHAHA
I don't know why
THAT is what you picked out of that
But the thought of that
Is pleasurable
I gave you "demon nicki minaj"
HAHAHA
I KNOW
Hahahahahaha
I FEEL LIKE IT WOULD SMELL OK
and harden on your fingers like wax
but  forever
I want to see it poured into a clear acrylic vat
Pls
VAT
VAT DID YOU SAY
HAHAHAHA
VAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
vlad the inhaler 
*takes huge puff of that loud*
"u gon lern 2nite"
HAHAHAHAHA IM DYING
I am weird twitter
HAHAHAHAHA
Snapchat time
MICHAEL2893
GO
it will probably actually search your contacts for people
hahaha
thanks obama
HAHAHA yes I hate that
But whatever
Lolol
the moneky died of natural causes, so we're in the clear
HAHAHA
I can't even make a Snapchat
The verify code is fuckinf me up
?
Every time
hold on
I'm holding
your name is blaqnbloo and your password is Patches1
HAHAHAHAHA
I am good
YES
now I have to reset my password
as I haven't logged out in so long
I don't remember it
Aw man hahaha
CURSES
HAHA
I'm sorry Mikel D:
You will be receiving pure gold from me around the clock. Just remain in your seat
HAHA
YES
Oh god I'm dying
I can't breathe
You KOd me
Hahaha
HAHAHAHA
YES
You're amazing. SNAPS FOREVER
This is one of those things
that like
you can be at work, wanting a quick death
and all of the sudden
I caption something happening at me
and relate it to your life
IT WAS A GOOD DOWNLOAD
#WORTHIT
So dude
I am getting my ears sewn up. Soon I'm going in for a consult at a plastic surgeons office.
I'm going to be an ACTUAL adult
I'm so stoked
THATS AMAZING
Plus I won't have to wear patterns that draw the eyes towards the center of my face
because of you know, the flopping ear holes
HAHAHA
HAHAHA
HAVE YOU EVER WORN A SHIRT FOR THAT SPECIFIC REASON
Yes
Recently
Most shirts with stripes can do that nicely
I like striped shirys
Shirts
A lot
What I just send you may be upsetting
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LOST IT
I saw a photo that instead of saying defend pop punk it says defend pop pop and it has pop pop from arrested development smiling
HAHAHAHA
NEED THAT
Oh george
A mouth full of beans and a heart full of dreams.
LOLOL
beans
Dream
Bean dream
Lean mean teen machines
Oh Oh god Oh god that Oh god that sounds Oh god that sounds like a sex act
Holy shit
My phone
HAHAHA
Hahahahahahahahahahaa
I can't breathe this phone is a drama queen
That was an AUTOCORRECT
A DRAMA QUEEN
lolololol
It'll be me vs me. Mano a mano. This, is a jack off.
HAHAHA
YES
I WANT TV
I lost my throbbing cat paw
WAIT HAHA READ THIS OUT OF CONTEXT
N9OO
Neeeeahnayaaaaaahhhh
Banana phone
Yeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaa
Get our
Out
You're finished
67pies
ew
is that porna
HAHAHA
FUCK
hahaha
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
OH NO
Hahahahahahahha
I got u
u did
Lolol
porna
vidya game
wanna know what I remembered today? my mom reminded me of the literal funniest thing
Go
When I was 16 my mom came downstairs to tell me it was weird that I was so into taylor swift. On the way, she fell head first down the steps, and broke her wrist, exposing the bone. POETIC JUSTICE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
it's like when bella said the lion king was stupid and stepped on a nail
that's my childhood, you kitchen wench
SHE CAN DIE
FUCK HER
WHORE
ehh
hahahahahaha
SIMBA IS MY MAN
I had dreams
bad dreams
of the "hy-nee-nas"
What
HAHAHA
they scared me too dude
So bad
Let me tell you this thoughb
I have babied syrup so much
awh
That I get her out and set her down beside me
And she just
Sits there
thats so cute
And let's me mess with her floppy crests
Hahaha
HAHAHAHAA
She's adorable
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU SALAD FINGERs
HER FLOPPY CRESTS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THATS WHAT THEY ARE CALLED
you just wanted to use those words
so badly
i know
HAHAHAHA
but your pleasure
came in all the wrong forms
FLOPPY CRESTS
HA!
nan
titty ass hands in the air
Shits floppy
HAHA
awh flops
I'm not joking when I say she melts my heart
I would kill a man for her
SHE IS MY BABY
HAHAHA
I'm insane
AWWWWW
SHE FELL ASLEEP
hahahaha
Hunder
What cinema shood i wach 2day
I don't know, I want cinema movie films too D:
I have fine conect.
U r basically unplugged
I will watch films
And snap you segments for ocular pleasure
I can't even go downstairs comfortably in my underwear when no one is home because we've got a runaway living with us dude help
HAHA dude I hate that, I have to have free roaming underwear hours
Like omg you gross vagabond go back to the Harbour and sell your teeth to old merchants to pay for your bastard child's illness
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUT
*growl*
*pig squeal*
SELL YOUR TEETH
I HEARD BOTH OF THOSE NOISES
IM DYING
HAHAHAHA
Hahaha
My dad texted me and asked if I have enough money to last until it get paid :/
I don't like having to say no
I told him I'm selling geckos
:(
That's a good answer
Yea I don't want to ask for help or seem like I need my parents. If he offers help of course I will accept it but I don't want him to have to
Exactly
my last name is not korngold
hahaha korngold
THOT
AFTER THOT HAHAHAHA
omg
YEAH IM GOOD
HAHAHA
i was just invited to like a page callled
"this is teen"
LOO
someone knows u
it must be my teens
playing silly joke on me
omg check this headline
"Gilbert Arenas Calls Al Sharpton A THOT and Coon"
i can't breathe
that's a real eye grabber
Hahaha
AL SHARPTON YOU FUCKING THOT
HAHAAHHAHAHA
Boiled eggs
Breakfast of poor champions
OMG
OMG
Boiled eggs: Breakfast pour champions
the hunder armstrad sdory
(pour sounds like poor but means for OMG)
Hahaha that's amazing
https://33.media.tumblr.com/9987a02793a0fbfd8d5197f622054cc3/tumblr_mid0b3fEEw1qe4eljo1_500.png
HAHAHA
LITTLE ICE
Dude I already have friends who live here, how am I assimilating to well haha
They text me photos of their animals
awh
that's cool
We met this kid at the exotic pet store yesterday who is 18 and keeps rattlesnakes, and he was like "you have some really nice rhacodactylus" and I was like "yes I will marry you"
Hahahaha
HAHAHA
nan
mother of god
THIS IS A PET STORE
it looks like a zoo
YES DUDE
THEY HAVE FUCKING
SAILFIN DRAGONS
I WILL BUY ONE
GOOGLE THAT SHIT
someone random idiot is in the shower
that homeless girl
I am SO MAD
warmdads
HAHA
dude like
Steal her cigarettes
That would be the end of her world
*posts pick of maryland gooeys cookies*
"I used to give my college roommate, Alan, MG'S all the time!"
hahaha
this is a thing I have witnessed
What hahaha
someone posted this
hahahaha
Maryland gooeys
yuck #dad
My dad paid my car payment for this month
Thank god
thats a big relief
omg
this name makes me sick
LYLE
HAHA
Lyle Lyle crocodile
dude I just LOST it on some chick o nfacebook
or dude
I dunno
the name is ambigious
Let me aee
I NEVER do this
Hahaha
can you see this status? hahaha
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1436684663242952&id=100007042958024&comment_id=1436712553240163&notif_t=like
Yus brb reading
I hate when people are willingly uninformed. I WILL FIGHT THEM
That's an amazing status take over hahaha
I TOOK IT AS MY OWN
I WAS MORE RILED UP
THAN PEOPLE FROM CABIN CREEK WHEN THEY PUT THE COLD MEDICINE BEHIND THE COUNTER
HAHAHAHAHA
I'm mean
hahah
Hahaha what the fuck jenny Hopkins
WHAT EVEN IS THIS
and why would someone like it
That was gross
Help me
Can I screenshot on android
And how
Hold down power and home button
it will ss
That's what I have been told but it doesn't ever work for me?
google it for youre specific phone model
it often varies
Okay. I have a lizard on me. I love him.
Pixel the jeweled lacerta
He is so smart
teach him fetch
He jumped onto the ground and his legs started seizing
He's okay now though
WHAT
haha
Our axolotl died from his water change too D:
omg
nymphomaniac part II
Oh god hahaha
When
It's now strweaming
haha
Oh shit
Hahaha
Calling TM to see where Chris' check is...
Thankfully that is coming in
hmmm
yeah
i mean isn't it just direct desposited anyway
No, he never filled out the form for that because he's lazy
WHO DOES THAT
WHO
DOES THAT
COLLECTS A PAPER CHECK
haha
Yea not me hahaha
no one does that
Hahaha
No one does that
oh no
flash back to 12 years old
she in the woods
masturbating
and now levitating
high into the air
what is this
WHAT
HAHAHA
TWO MYSTIC WOMEN
ON WHITE HORSES
THAT ARE TRANSLUCENT
ARE THERE TOO
.....
That's not even
Is he just like
Doing mad libs
And filming the results
oh no
oh no
it was the whore of babylon
hahahahaha
HAHA
WHAT THE FUCK
ALWAYS RELIGION
ALWAYS
I'm going to kill Chris dude
His breath smells like a bag of assholes
And I told him to brush his teeth
ew
he's a gross person
And he's like, fuck you man, that's uncalled for, you're mean
no
you're disgusting
get out
Right
Like
I didn't even know what to do
what a gross boy
Because its so bad
Why can't I live with someone clean
gross boy is a version of trash person
that bella invented
D:
to describe people like that
hahaha
Hahahaha
That's so funny
grossboy
sadboiz2012
Dude I just want my own place -.-
Gr0ssboiz
this idiot is in the kitchen eating our food
and I caleld my mom
loudly
and was passive agresively like
WHEN DID OUR HOSUE BECOME A HALFWAY HOUSE
Lolol
HAHAHAHAHA
I hope she cries
and leaves
that's amazing
but she is so narcissistic
just like maria
so nothing will happen
So wait is Maria having sex with this girl or?
no
Why is your mom letting her stay there
she's just living here
she is 17
I don't understand
ran away from home
doesn't have a job
or go to high school
has bene here for over a week
That's illegal
yet
is like
on her phone all day
Its illegal to run away from home in wv
She's a fugitive
Hahaha
yep
I just asked her how old she was
she said 17
Your mom is sort of a push over dude
Like
she is pathetic
I'd call her mother
Hahahha
she claism to come from this hard background
I don't buy it
HAHA
shes in there texting on her iphone
"So hard"
with nice clothes
and stuff
IPhone
like
Hahahaha
She's a mall rat who wants to do #justteenthings
I just told her to leave
I wasl ike
I'm giving you a chance
leave now
or my mom will come home
and it wont be pretty if you're still here
HAHA
has your mom not been there?
she is workign a double shift
Oh I see
O I c
and obviously
is being taken advantage of
because she can't be here to do something about it
Right
I'd call the police
They will get her out haha
MEASURE
MEASURE YOUR LIFE IN LOVE
I love this episode of the office dude
where they season seasons of love from rent to steve carell when he lives
and will farell
at the very end
takes the liberty of a solo
and everyone LOOKS AT HIM
like YOU HAVE RUINED A GOOD THING
DIANGELO
I FORGOT HIS NAME
YES HAHAHA
I LOVE THAT ONE
She doesn't seem to be leaving
What should I do?
Throw rocks at her
shut up
what should I do?
Scream at her until she leaves
Tell her you will call thebpolice
after my chickensalad
THAT
YES
that last one
Say the phrase "harboring a fugitive" haha
HAHAHA
I realized I was litening to music
and  Iwas going to turn the movie back on
but then
I realized
I am eating
You can't do all three things
You heathen
shes gone
also
this movie is about a piece of shit human being
Hahaha
Which movie?
nymphomaniac
Ah but of course
Lol
she asked me
"what did I do"
I said
you're a bad influence, you're a nuisance. You are a leech. You're 17. What are you even doing here? I can't have some kind of vagabond just LIVING here. GET OUT
HAHAHAHA
YES
I bet you felt THE POWER SURGE THROUGH YOUR VEINS
not really
she like
is worth so little to me
that i felt nothing
Dude, we have fire ants in our yard -.- hahaha
EW
NO
They are the crested geckos number one enemy in the wild, they're an invasive ant species
If they get in here
I will go insane
they will kill everything
If left to colonize inside, yes.
dude
the most upsetting hting
the protagonist
is like
working with this "debt collector"
and using her sills to read people sexually to extort them
and then like can't read this guy right
so she goes through all of the different deviations of sexuality
and then describes children at a playground
and it shows his dick getting hard, and then she sucks him off
I cry vommittteedd
That's straight up disturbing
dude
SO MUCH
I want to watch that lolol
this is ONE OF THE MOST DISTURBING FILMS IVE EVER SEEN
I have nothing!
there is so much dick
hahaha
Isn't it CG?
probably
but if it is
it's really good
Hahaha
like frightenlingly
I heard that possibly they put real porn stars genitals over the actors'
they look too normal
hahaha
I feel like
it's a combo of both
some of this stuff
is like x rated
Oh im sure it is dude hahaha
Its Lars von trier
And a movie ABOUT sec
Sex
Lol
it's so gross
like
the sounds
sights
oh GOD
Hahaha!
I want to see HOW depraved it is
Because I'm desensitized by society and I need to witness depravity
the worst Ive ever seen
no
I thought i was
this is WEIRDING ME OUT
hahaha
What is happening? Lol
she bleeds from her clit
do to pleasure pain
it shows this up close
EW
EW
EW
EW
NOOOO
NOOO
NOOOO
she called me a faggot and thrteatened to beat my ass
the cops have been called
OH SHIT HAHA
dude don't let her leave
Until they're there
she's outside
FUMING
If she gets away she will come back
there is a squad of cops outside
she is so out of here
There is like a scene
with like 8 teen friends outside
and this girl
smoking a black and mild
and they were just like "you can go inside"
OMG
HAHA
HAHAHA
that's awesome dude
so dude
this fucking cop though
"keep your hands out of your pockets"
.....
To you?
YES
Hahaha
Oh god
and
Tell him to fuck off to Missouri or something
Actually don't
Hahahaha
it was TOTALLY irellavent to ths op
cops
that
She went outside
called me a faggot
and threatened me
and screamed down the street
just because she is a girl, and I'm a guy.
THATS THE WHOLE REASON I CALLED
Lolol
What are they doing?
Well everyone is gone
They had to wait with her until a family membner picked her up
she fucking lives with her mom
omg
like
she pretended
she didn't have a home
!!!
WHAT
LOLOL
Of course she lives with her mom
Hahahaha
Fucked Up Gurley @xobink_    40m
don't get yourself killed.. Fr.
ReplyReplied to 0 times RetweetRetweeted 0 times FavoriteFavorited 0 times
More
 Fucked Up Gurley @xobink_    56m
Maria's punk ass brother is about 10 seconds away from getting beat the fuck up in his own house.
I DONT THINK SO AFTER THOT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT A HO
I called her a trash person and she accepted it by saying "I AM WHAT I AM BUT YOU REMEMBER THAT"
girl
I will
okkkkkkkk
HAHAHAHAHAHA DYING
DYING
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I AM WHAT I AM
dude some nipples are just so disgusting
I agree. Some are like...traumatizing
SERIOUSLYT
Dude we might be able to afford internet since my dad helped out with the car :D
OMG
YAY
Yes!!!! Dude I'm so annoyed with Chris. He is talking to all these girls that look like me on okcupid and for some reason he thinks I'm okay with him telling me about these girls, but if I mention the person I like he just loses interest immediately
I feel like he's recruiting an army of lookalikes that I don't like
He told me this morning this one girl lost her virginity at 26, and he has been talking to her for TWO DAYS
that's not a friend, that's a white
WHORE
ok cupid
hahaha
for people who don't know how to interact with people in real life
usually older adults
even chris's posture like reeks of self loathing.
lol
he has no confidence obviously or he would not be on ok cupid
HAHAHAHA
I told him
Look, you are doing a bad job at making friends
I said join a FB group!
Message someone who you don't want to fuck!
Make a friend!
Josh was forced to demote amber
He's definitely going to come here now
Hahahahahahahaha what
And she's coming too of course lol
Yea he said he needs to start really getting his shit together to leave
Ew
I'm sorry. I just thought what you had with him was just a fling. He's old and weird.
UGH
Am I a bad friend currently hahaha
Yes :/
No one likes him
No one is happy for me
No one cares
I am happy that you're happy but I truly dislike thay guy.
I just didn't know it was going somewhere
But I guess it is and I shouod accept it
Well, he is a nice person and he is protective over me and wants to maintain a good friendship. I really enjoy it because honestly I feel closer to him now than I ever did to Chris, because Chris is not an adult. Josh has his shit together. He has a nice car, a great stable job, SAVINGS haha
You have to look at it in an unbiased manner. For me
Unbiased he sounds great. But that's not the whole story haha. He rubs me SO FAR THE WRONG WAY. But I can be unbiased and acknowledge that he makes you happy. You just cant. Relationships aren't objective like that haha
I know I obviously have rose tinted glasses on but at the same time, there still has been no further verbal commitment and I really really like him. I know you think he is annoying but that's really the only negative thing about him as a person
I suppose so.
I mean, really, think about it
He is SO good to me
Isn't that what you want?
Well yeah for you
I want more than that for myself. I am more needy. I project this obviously lol
You don't like the josh thing because you are assuming that it has to go the way it always does, that I will have to move in with him or something, that I will have to be committed to this "weird old guy". In reality, he would never make me do any of that shit for him, and if he did want that type of thing, it would be to my discretion
And you have to remember that Chris is older than him physically
Hahaha
ehh
to the last part
but
you're right about the first part
that is my assumption
that was my doubt about this
haha
damn
I know you dude lol. You don't want me to become an item with this guy. You don't like it.
I DONT
NOT AT ALL
AND I CANT FIGURE OUT WHY
I think I may understand why
But I could be wrong
well let's hash this out
hahaha
He is like my 2nd best friend and because he is not so much romantically inclined, he almost seems like he is stepping into your "best friend territory", because obviously " there is only room for one best friend, and one boy friend, they cannot be both"
That's how I see it at least
Sort of
Oh
no
that's not it
lol
I'm not insecure
hell
Well then help me understand haha
he could be your equal best friend to me if you wanted
I think
maybe
I don't want you diving into one serious thing after another
but if that isn't what you're doing
I know! I don't want to do that either!
I just want to have him around because he makes me feel good and is nice to me
well that's good enoug ha reason
He is a total gentleman
And I feel safe with him
He's not a pussy like Chris is
I'm drawn to that haha
Also
He is almost 40, I am 20
I always don't like the fact that he's such a fedora. I could almsot put up with chris if he wasn't so emotionally screwed up. His personality isn't awful
He sees me as jewels and gold
HAHA
HE DOES
*lives life by what michael says*
*dies in blood and fire*
I could never feel more valued in any other situation. Seriously. I know he is 'the Dom' but in reality, I am totally in charge and it makes me feel fucking awesome
Well cool beans then
I don't like being in charge, but I also do
I think I need a break from that role
You know
Exactly. You see, this is a perfect balance. I feel perfectly balanced with him
Its like we are actually equals
I'm tired of always being in charge
I had to make Chris my bitch to move here dude
I'm sick of being the dude in the relationship
Which ALWAYS HAPPENS
Me too
Hahahahahahhaa
hahahaha
Since I have discovered my gender identity or non identity rather
Mhm
Josh has totally understood and he is actually basically the exact same as me
As far as gender goes
Well that's cool
I know I can't really explain it but I just feel a really strong connection to him and that doesn't mean we have to date or whatever
Plus, I would never tell my family about that hahaha
I just need ONE person to be supportive :(
Because no one is
I getcha. I'm very much self sufficient. So I can't super relate. I love people,  but I don't love closeness.
I am a good listener
But
My opinion will always be biased
Hahaha
You obviously don't have that need for partnership that I have. I need to always feel like I have a team or a partner.
Because I project my own needs onto others
I want that
But like I don't need it
Now that I'm not with bella
I realize I never needed it like I thought I did
I need it, or I crumble. I mean, you definitely fit into that category for me. If I lost you as a support system and friend I would crumble.
Oh god me too
Yikes
See?
I have like
You orjbably have not thought about this
But we have a relationship
We are dependent on each other
2 or 3 friends, who I basically treat the same as you but you're obviously number one.
the thing is
everyone else
is just
whatever
Friends
but
IDC if they live or die
like I could be without them
if that makes sense
Exactly. Everyone else can come and go but we have a serious connection as friends and nothing can break that
If it were broken it would be devastating
exactly
That's how I am with friends though
If I become friends with someone
I don't just become surface level friends
that's why I don't consider myself as someone iwth a lot of friends
hahaha
That's how I am too. But I also find some of my friends attractive hahaha
Yea
That's how I am exactly
I have like 4 great friends
And no others
I get different things out of different friendships. With you I nostalgia, humor, music, and the ability to talk about serious adult things. With anthony I get someone I can talk to about science. With Joy I get nostalgia and someone I can be obsessive compulsive with and talk to about gross sex things. With Kelley I get someone who I can yell about politics with.
No one person encompasses all of these. Obviously, your roles kind of trump the others
haha
but still
Yes, its like you're speaking my words for me hahaha
I have amber for geckos and weed
She filled Trevor's spot
HAHA
I guess so
I have you for the same things you have me for lol
I have josh for sexual deviancy and blonde/white/chubby support group
Hahahaha
HAHA
see like
for example
if I was to talk with kelley about something serious or emotional
he would get it
but he's so self absorbed
he wouldn't be that supportive
so as an example
I can't get that ouf of my relationship with him.
Right, I can talk to you about weird sex stuff and you will talk about it but you're not on the same wavelength as me about it haha
Like, I shelter you from most of that shit anyways hahaha
yeah because I have to imagine you and josh and then i instantly get cooties
Exactly. And I pretend like I find that weird too for everyone else's sake. But in reality I enjoy him immensely and he never bothers me.
Its really weird but I have to say the age difference is almost not there for me
I get what you mean
it's just
you have to understand
it's a BIT taboo
haha]
Sure it is. Last night I started wondering if I'm living out 50 shades of grey
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OH DEAR
I have never read it but
I'm assuming that's how it goes
Hahahaha
Although, josh isn't abusive
He's helping me so much Michael
My sexual issues have hurt me for a long time
He has already dealt with what I am going through
He is actually helping me a lot
that's wonderful
I'm glad he is
it's just funny
because I had weird sexual issues for so long
that I just dealt with myself
like
I didn't even want help
lol
Why did our repressions come out at the same time? Hahaha
We have these
weird, yet key, differences
they are the same issues with different manifestations
I need help with my self image during sex basically. I turned into an embarrassed little kid sometimes. I don't like that.
Turn*
Still
Haha
My mom repressed me so hard dude
My whole life I was taught that sex makes you immoral
And gross
: /
I'm still getting over that so I can be who I am
I was until I was like 13 and we left the church
haha
I'm surprisingly not awkward about sex
you'd think I would be
It's one of those things liek swimming
I really am really awkward and it kills me
that you stop thinking aobut so hard
after a while
but you still know what youre doing
Yea I mean, I'm dealing with a lot right now. I have discovered I definitely have a thing for some girls in a very domineering way, I could never date or love one but I could probably abuse one, if that makes sense
yes it does
Dealing with that is hard because I was taught it is so wrong
nahhhh it's not wrong
nothing about sex is wrong
again
except intentionally spreading disease
hahaha
I know you can tell me that again and again but I have to actually deal with it which requires a lot more than hearing what is okay
No diseases hahaha
And dude like no one probably thinks this but
I know
It took me a while to realize that I can't go to a hell that I don't believe in
eh never mind lol
so I getcha
lol
no tell me
DONT DO THAT TO ME OR I WILL TWERK
Well I was just going to say, he is super respectful sexually and we always use condoms of course, always, and he is sort of....drawing me out of my shell slowly? He isn't forcing anything on me but at the same time he pushes the envelope just enough to allow me to slowly become more comfortable with what goes on in my head
wow
I wish  I had that patience/consideration
haha
I just don't
good for you
Yea he is really not a disgusting dog of a man like most seem to be haha
You know how I am obsessed about not being crass and just keeping it unawkward and clean and classy at all times?
That is him as well.
wow
yeah
that makes sense
No one else sees that of him so it makes sense why everyone thinks its so weird and wrong but really he is so similar to me and he just compliments every aspect of my personality. I think he will be my friend for a very long time. Even if something happens that goes awry, he values me to an extent that is pretty awesome
He told me if I wanted him to he would "take me out" in VA beach, he would be the perfect person to go out with. He won't be embarrassingly talkative like Chris or slutty like Kendall, he is reserved and we can be wall flowers together haha
Plus, I think we looked damned good together. Hahaha
I've said this once and I'll say it again
Because you have reminded me with that last sentiment
I just want a pretty guy with a tan
That's all I want in life atm
And unlimited breadsticks
That's a good short term life goal haha
My long term goals are already worked out. I'm all about short term right now hahaha
Right?! That's me! Hahaha
I am going to rule the world with lizards
Everything until then I whatever
Is
I JUST WANT SEX AND ALCOHOL AND CUDDLING AND NETFLIX
I can worry about med school later
Long term stuff is irrelevant if you know what you want BASICALLY
Haha
I mean day to day
Is it weird that we are so into cuddling? It seems like everyone else just wants to fuck and leave hahaha
Well depends on how well you know someone
And if you're sober
Hahaha
I basically love to cuddle
I loooove cuddling. I mean I cuddled with Shayn like a year ago and Chris acted like I had sex with him lol
But yes cuddling is the bomb
word
currently eating the biggest salad of my life
subway does these chopped salds
that are like the one good thing from subway
i.e. they attempt to make it without it looking like pig slop
Hahaha
Dude I want vegetables
I only have leftover Chinese and dry goods
Milk, eggs, cheese
Eggs are good though
And protein drinks
I love eggs
I had 5 eggs for breakfast hahaha
MMMMMmmMMMMMMmm
HAHA
oh ian
My grandma gave me a sandwich press. I'm so exited to use it
hahah OH IAN
OHIAN
OYAAAANNNNHHNHNHYAHN
I SANDWICH PRESS
you mean
dont
A panini maker?
HAHAHAHA
DONT
OK
TOO LATe
HAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAH
I HATE THAT TERM
HAHAHAHAHAH
WHY
they're so delicious
I know. Or I SOON WILL
I just got both amber and josh hooked up for phone interviews
Who is the grown adult again?
Hahaha
you.
we are both really silly
but like
when it comes to adult things we have to do
we are constantly grindin
CONSTANTLY
WE ARE SUCCESS
such adult
very biz
I don't know how we are so mature but we really are
legit
BIZZ BUZZ
We are
My mom has even acknowledged it recently. like I've done A LOT of stuff all by myself
I mean you've done more
but it's the same idea
not the quantitty
Yea I mean, its just being independent in general
I N D E P E N D E N T do u u know what that mean
I AM WHAT I AM OKAY
you know what I learned today
the icebucket challenge for als
is actually
Tell me
a thing where you do it so you don't have to donate
what the fuck is THAT about
hahahaha
Yes its like, if you do it, you only donate like 10 dollars. If you don't, you donate like 25
OR
JUST CHOOSE TO DONATE 10 DOLLARS IF THATS WHAT YOU HAVE AND WANT TO GIVE
INSTEAD OF WASTING CLEAN WATER ASSHOLES
AND GETTING THE "OUT OF THE SHOWER" CHILLS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY OUTDOORS
OH MY GOD
CHECK WHAT I JUST SNAPPED YOU
OMG
hahahaha
Hold on lemme Czech
there may be two
but the second one is improtant
Its not letting me send or receive ...
hot damn
It was a photo of jack donaghy sleeping with the caption "oh geckos, oh how I dream of geckos"
Wait I saw the salad hahaha
HAHA
JACK DONAGHY IS THE BEST
IT WAS HTE PERFECT PHOTO OP
like
IT WAS GOOFY AS HELL
haha
I SAW THEM ALL
I DID IT
I LOVE THEM
my screenshotting is so bad
Also I have to press the volume button to screenshot so it captures the volume bar -.-
wtf
hahaha
that's insane
whyyyyyy DROID
I figured it out! Haha
You have to do it just right
or left
not CHARLIE BROWN
slide to the left
LERLERLERL
Once I was drunk a couple years ago
playing that song
I'll never forget this
and I was singing that song
and I thought one of the lyrics was
"NOW SHAKE YOUR LEGS"
and I said it and that was not it
LOL
HAHAHA
shake em
Shake does legs
Cha cha real smooth
he would say
"charlie brown"
and all the kids in middle school would be like
what do we do
so in watching 30 rock again
I ahve realized not only are you like jack donaghy
but our friendships is VERY liz lemon jack donaghy. Regardless of one of us being one or the other. the dynamic is SO SIMILAR
YES
I LOVE IT
I would have internet today but the guy who installs it is at Disney world for another two days D:
however, my mom is REALLY liz lemon-y
DAMN IT
HAHA
DISNEY
I love yer mom
But Yea I want internet so much
Kendall blew me off so I have to go with Chris to the store
it is a blessing# in diguys#
Haha
really
where is kendall living
what is up with her situation
With her friends in a condo lol
as long as it isn't her moms couch i guess hahaha!
Haha! Yes!
Brb stores
kkkkkkk
So we went to Walmart to buy some basic stuff and some more cheap dress clothes
mhmmm
Its rang up as 250 dollars
hot damn
Chris is returning part of it now
I could cry
I don't understand why it was so much, it makes no sense
I'm so poor D: my account is over drafted now
And I don't know where I SunTrust ATM is
dude
holy shit
I have cash but I can't find an ATM to put it in
I am liek super couponing  this friday at kroger
coupons are god
I thought we were in the green today but this has ruined everything
jesus
did chris not have any dress clothes?
We were going to go to dinner but now I guess we can eat protein drinks
We didn't get that much stuff!!!
that's ridiculous dude
I know
I want to die
I can't win
I bought a fucking folding chair so I don't have to sit in the floor
it'll get better
But now I have to return it
damn
well
I would let you use the chairs i'm not using
however
you are far away
Yea I know
I have 145 in my wallet
Aiden owes me 75
Rachel owes me 100
well that adds up..
And Chris' check is 450
when is that fuckin coming dude
haha
like
seirously
It got here today
Finally
WOO
you said you can'tfind a suntrust/?
Yea its just, its only a slip of paper right now
Banks are closed
oh you got it after 5
damn
Yep. So we have to wait but I'm trying to just breathe
So I have 700 dollars basically, just need to wait for some of it
yeah
I need to sell geckos dude
hmph
I don't even know who would buy them
that sounds like it could be tricky
I may actually have to pawn those guitars. Or I could sell some geckos for a painfully cheap price.
the latter
les sentiment
or
well
I know :(
whichever has less sentiment
to you
Yea
The new babies haven't bonded with me so
It would be those
well
then that's not so bad
I know but you have to remember, I have to ship every single one of those basically
And its stressful for me and them
ehh
yeah...
hm
I'm like itchy and cold I'm so stressed
I'm sorry
Also
did I ever give you johns email
Nope
Johnhuttonmd@me.com
there ya go
haha
Lol thank you
mhmm
I was trying to find the fuckinf atm and Chris was yelling at me
Because he is brain dead and can't help me get anywhere
I want to murder him
I hate him so much
I'm fuckinf sick from this
jesus christ
already
wow
Its so bad dude
I'm so afraid
I just need money
I have been worried about money recently. but I realized I can come back on christmas and thanksgiving and get 4x pay so I'm a bit less worried haha
I HATE SOCIAL MEDIAS ABILITY TO TELL YOU WHEN YOURE BEING IGNORED
hahaha
I thin kwe've disucseed this but it happened to me
SO I MUST SHOUT
I'm sorry, ive been crying and trying to find an ATM and I just got home. And now I'm sitting in the car listening to the smiths. I don't want to go into the house.
not you
lol
and I'm sorry!
like you couldn't find any atms or a suntrust one?
Finally found one, not before having a mental breakdown
We have no food money
I wanted food so much tonight
: (
Even taco bell would work
Dude lolol
He called me aspie
Straight up
HAHAH
WHAT THE HELLLLLLL
I get it because I'm a narcissist
He's talking like
Ryan gosling in Drive
That sort of weirdness
ehh
well in that scenario
you've got someone who is self serving
but generally NOT a people person
Right haha
I don't know I just though you would find it funny
but
it's just not right
haha
also that term is kind of abelist
Hahahaha
I don't think he cares really
He should. The old fart. Keep up with the #times
Lameee
dude everyone is so busy
I'm almost glad that you had this week off haha
like I needed human contact
Yea that actually works well loo
Lol
I snapchatted someone A direct question three hours ago, and as they were obviously going to bed, they opened it and didn't read it
The only reason I login to facebook is to talk to you
<333
Word up
hotmail
flavor flave
I have to go to the god damn doctor tomorrow damnit
hey
Yo yo yo
Hwy look at me
what
Chris says I look gay hahaha
I think I look amazing
I dig it
I think so too
Chris can go fuck a sexually confused boston terrier
Yay! <3
HAHAHAHAHA
but seriously
"you look gay"
seriously chris
not even "bad"
I mean he aid
hahaha
He said
"It looks good....". " but?" "It looks kind of gay"
Haha asshole
That places a FRUSTRATING negative connotation on the term "gay." It's like saying that guy looks like a criminal, you should be careful outside, but what you really want to say "that is a dangerous black guy"
It's underhandedly
SUPER ANNOYING TO ME
I AM SO GLAD I DONT HAVE TO PRETEND TO BE FRIENDS WITH CHRIS
YOU LOOK *FABULOUS*
I mean, I would know. I am fashion
THANK YOU I LOVE YOU
josh picked it out haha
I was wary at first
WARY
dude
today I got a prescription acne gel for my face from the doctor. *figners crossed*

I've been making masks out of honey and asprin and all of that other voodoo but EVERY TIME I GET STRESSED MY ACNE GETS BAD NO MATTER WHAT I USE
Yea mine gets terrible. I would suggest putting sea salt in water and bathing in it. Cured mine basically
I have done that
it's just
Mine is fine for a while and I'm like "yes what I'm doing is working" and then the minute something stressful happens I get awful cystic acne
It's very cyclical
get out ten problems u no
teen*
Hahaha
Well I guess stop stressing? Lolol
I feel like if this is stress induced, I will have it my entire life i.e. my entire career and I will just have to live with it
haha
how do you feel about kevin bacon? He kind of bugs me
lolololol
I am always going to have acne and that's a fact haha. And Kevin bacon looks like a witch.
YES
omg
Hahaha
Dude if this baby bites me again I might throw it
omg a cute demon
I want to eat it
and give birth to a shadow monster
through my skin
HAHA
I'm trying to sell this one
Its a bitch
I'm so sorry
HAHAHA
WORM
At least I didn't name it
I thought about it
LOL
hahaha
"Kevin"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
kevin
haha
one of THOSE names
Perfect name for the perfect worm
Hahahahaha
that's what she said ?
jesus
I dunno anymote
HAHAHA
I'm going to tell you something that is upsetting me
genuinely
Okay
Go
I haven't seen footloose since I was a child. I am now watching it, and I have realized JOHN LITHGOW WAS THE REVEREND. IT IS THE TRINITY KILLER.
WHAT THE FUCK
NO
I have not seen footloose because I'm not a gay
A GAY
HAHAHA hahahaha
I will finish you
I'm so sorry
with a dragon ball z move
I have not seen it though
spirit bomb
or something
guess what
as a kid
I was into DBZ and pokemon at a NORMAL level, unlike most people
Spirit bomb hahaha
who have this weird obsession
that carries into adulthood
THANK YOU
ME TOO
hahahaha
Like Yes I was a kid once
HAHA
but I don't know past the 2nd generation of pokemon
because I'm not a huge baby
Kendall has a fucking pikachu ball cap with ears
HAHAHA
scene
Yea I don't know them either
Totodile or die
so I'm going to lunch with bella tomorrow
I think it's not awkward anymore
because I now call her dude sometimes
That's awesome :)
Jesus I need food so bad haha
Is she like
Okay with everything?
I'm actually quite proud of her recently. She taking like a LOT of initiative in school. She's taking all the same classes I am. And yeah she is more than okay. She's really happy that I'm happy it seems, and that we're still good friends.
If I could afford to order you a pizza
I would do it
Hm maybe
may b w a t
Pizza is expensive though
Maybe
If you start starving
like literally starving
let me know.
Then you can send a nutrient angel to my bedside to inject me with health
HAHAHAHA
OH ANGEL OF NUTRIENTS
FILL MY VEINS WITH RANCH
HELP
MY HEAET IS NOT STRONG ENOUGH
I AM DYING
CAN'T PUMP RANCH
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
WHY OS THAT SO FUNNY
I CANT PUMP RANCH
HAHAHAHA
ranchaculate
Man I miss you so much come visit me now pls
: ((((
I miss you too
this sucks
I will find time this semester to come down
next semester it will be easier
because I'll have more money to blow
but I'm trying to be frugal right now
I will pay for you haha. Find out what a plane here costs.
lemme see
i'll enter a hypothetical date
Okeee
like 330 bucks dude
wow
Hahaha
I figured
That's not too bad
I'm about to watch this movie calle
d
alien abduction
and i thin kit's newish
Hahaha I want to watch lame horror movies
it's a mockumentary
filmed
at the hand of a nautistic 11 year old
so
Nautistic: autism at sea
HAHAHAHAHA
Hahahaha I'm sorry
I am a party scientist
welcome to my laboratory
Hahahaha
I am using that line
use it dos it and abuse it
I stole it.
Ass so fat I'm crying "ANTIDEPRESSANTSSSSSS"
Lololol
Oh rap
I'm smoking weed with amber and she bought me my own thing of ben and jerrys
Awh yay
What kind
Cookie dough and brownie yo
Delicioso! *Dora the explorer voice*
That's how I heard it haha
I'm so tired
Gah
Haha
Want to go hooome
I just took a bunch if melatonin and an ativan. So just waiting for thay to kick in hahaha
I guess that's better than getting drunk to sleep
I hadn't used klonopin on so long that when I took three yesterday I got high accidentally
HAHAHA
Nite Mikel
Nite
Hey
HELLO
Dude I'm sorry I was so drunk
I'm okay now though
Omg haha
I need Kendall to take me to get my car in VA beach
Um why lol
Because she drove me home from the beach drunk
Haha
Then she probably should come get you lop
I mean I don't need it right now
I'm doing the moving thing today
Aw lame :(
And I'm paying my landlord three months rent in advance so I can budget my shit. But it's gonna suck.
I wish I could get wine out of it
And John is driving me up in a rental haha
Haha if only there were wine
Fucking mark Dylan found us weed
Hahaha
tha'ts all I ask for in life
I don't know who that is
but cool beans dude
Houdini
The trash person
OH NO
He is here
Hahahaha
FUCK HIM AND HIS STENCH
He is clean now because of the ocean and Kendall makes him shower lolol
There was a girl in back seat last night, I never got to see her because I was too drunk to turn around, but she was super fucking loud and sounded like a small lesbian as was "a rapper" and recited to whack ass bullshit she had memorized, I'm so glad I wasn't sober enough to tell her she sucked ass
I would have done it either way
#nofilter
I was puking in a trash bag
ew
I spent like 30 minutes in a McDonald's bathroom floor dude
There was no saving me
dude what did you drink
it was obiously not for you
hahaha
TWO TWISTED TEAS
IM A BITCH
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OH MY GOD
I thought you were going to be like
"a whole bottle of absolut and a 2 liter of root beer"
Noooo I don't and can't drink, that's why this happened haha
We got our weed so I'm sticking to that
Did you see our new logo someone made for us?
Yes I  did
it's good
I have to get to a PC to change our business name though
Its so fucking amazing
Exactly what I wanted
Only one person gave an entry and that was it
I said, you take the cake
WINNER
winner of the meat plate
with cheese
hurray
*cheese with meat (we talked about this Mikel)
What
ok
hahaha
Dude I'm so tired and alone
Kendall got too drunk to get me back to my car
I can't get a hold of amber
I I am alone shut up i have no one here haha
And Chris is out with some girl who looks just like me
He has been out with her for like 6 hours
I hate myself
I'm sorry.
I'm starting an okcupid. Fuck it.
Dude live alone
As soon as you can
I'm not wearing wearing any clothes and no one can stop me
HAHA
your snaps are hilarious
Amber is coming to take me to my car soon
THANK YOU
and awesome
guess what
the cord to my wifi router
malfunctioned
WHATVER
WIRED INTERNET
Aw man :/
I just called the pizza place
and they said
is this michael
I paused
and said
"yes, yes it is"
HAHAHAHA
that's amazing
Hungry Howies may be the best pizza ever though
so I don't care
They can watch me shower
as long it's free
LOLOL
U funny
can I ask you if I'm over reacting
to something
Yes
If someone basically cuts you off for two weeks, is your friendship over. Like blatant ignoring. Taking into consideration that they are super busy, but still won't even say hi.
Um kind of haha
I thought so.
I've just been so lonely
that i've been super reactive to things
Ive been in solitude for like over a week
haha
Dude I am starring to feel that
I mean
I regressed to okcupid
Haha
god
ew
It made me laugh
Haha
it's commentary right?
like humor?
I mean everything he says is sort of a jab at himself in a half joking manner
ok good
because if that's not silly
it's HORRIFYING
I don't understand why that is so bothersome to you
Send that to someone who isn't me and gauge their reaction haha
I can't, no one cares lol
I'm sorry
haha
What am I gonna do dude. I hate being here alone haha. My issue, is I don't want to be around these annoying bros if I decide to make friends this semester. I need gay guys in my life. HELP ME
Dude make an okcupid like all of us other losers haha
I'd rather just flirt with everyone I meet
Oh god Leslie keeps saying snails crawling out of your mouth
HAHA
so Chris just got home
Was with a "friend"
Who looks like me
He is a sad man
He is making me angry though
Just in general
Like, way to go get our animals food man
Thanks so much
I was stuck without a car all day
Was he supposed to d that?
They need food and I ended up with no car
You'd think he would assume they need for
Food
Yeah you would honestly. .
He is telling me all about how he went to the mall and the ocean front with this girl
Good for him
The miserable bitch
I love that owl!!! :D
I'm so glad you still have it
Me too it is the relic of my bookshelf.
I was like I NEED TO USE THIS
<333
I am gonna try and get my friend to buy me wine this weekend. Get ready. I have a plan to annoy you
HAHA yes
nan
This shit -.-
Where would someone like you go? Go there. Internet dating is only good for hookups. Think like liz lemon. I just watched an episode where she wanted to meet a new friend, so she went to a Barnes and Noble bathroom.
Tv always knows
HAHA
dude I want to go to like
A club but
Its all marines
You don't understand
nan
Everyone here is military
Well
That's gross
I'm sorry
I hate them all haha
All I want is to cuddle. No one understands. My futon is so comfy and I need a cute person to cuddle with.
THAT'S NOT ASK ING MUCH IS IT
JUST A CUDDLE WILL DO
I understand Mikel
I vow to you now
I just found a DJ that looks like Drama crossed with Steve O hahaha
HAHAHAHA OH GOD YIKWS
He's sort of nerdy cute
And seems nice
Awh well PURSUE
I sent him a message lol
I just want friends here
I vow that in the next two weeks the both of us will make new friends and/or cuddle with someone. Or fuck someone..I'd rather fuck someone but whatever
Haha I just want to cuddle and schmoke weed
I just want to get drunk and invade people's personal space
Hahaha me too
Did I tell you about last night
I was in a McDonalds floor
No.
Basically dying
So drunk
I puked the whole way home, left my car in VA Beach
Just picked it up an hour ago
Oh yeah I member now
Haha Yea
Dude I found something maybe amazing but tell me if it's male or female. Guessing female
Found my man. I will posses him. 
Hahahaha
MMMmmmmm
So I go outside to catch the bus, realize I live in a city with like a million people, and suddenly feel so much less alone. I think this happened to me last year hahaha
Aw I'm sorry mikel :/
what I just said to you was a semi positive thing
haha
anyway
whats up
I'm half asleeo
Waiting for MAN
To message me back
HAHAHAHA
my god
Because I will destroy him
I love you you're so strange
Hahaha
Why strange!
"MAN"
He is so hunky and stylish and dark and handsome
dude I am on fire today. Paid ALL my rent through the end of November, paid next months cable and internet bill, got all my books, and ordering poster frames
I DID HATE MYSELF FOR WORKING 70 HOUR WEEKS
BUT NOW I WANT TO KISS MYSELF
But now for the pay off!
I still have no money lol
you'll get there
see
this is one of those RARE
instances
where I have more money than you
so I'm going to savor it
Yea I guess that's true lolol
Maybe I can squeeze some money out of a cute dude
there's a cute straight boy who lives downstairs that I made eye contact with. It was # nice
HAHA LIKE KENDALL DOES
DUDE THE PEOPLE HERE ARE ATTRACTIVE
LIKE
GOOD GENETIC MATERIAL
hahahaha
same here dude.
I mea nyou live like
at a beach
so
lol
This dude with monster dreads just messages me
and Columbus is such a good representation of America, they use it as a demographic sample in like every study they do
so
I have that
haha
*found my hallucinogen hookup*
OH NO
HSHSHSHSHSHA
Dude its all about networking lololol
business #
dude this is such a weird thing
but one of my greatest pleasures atm
is having 4g LTE network on my phone
hahaha
Yes! Haha
I have like
Hardly 3g
Dude I went miles away to radio shack, braved a gas leak, three bussses, only to get an adapter that doesn't fit my router
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Sorry driving hahaha
Trued to use the mic
Didn't work
Hahaha
Oh my god
Poseidon dude
Yeas
nan
This is like the myrtle beach part of VA beach
But way better and more upscale
This is close to where I've been before
Yea its about half an hour from our house
That's awesome
I am either really bored right now or in psychological withdrawal from alcohol
Lolol a combination
And human contact. I don't even have anyone here to HATE lol
AVACODA
Hahahaha
Get on okcupid
Fed dudes
Fer
I have four days till classes. If I can make it that long without human contact. Well I have plans tomorrow. But I think I can meet people in class. I mean I'm gonna have multiple (lab) partners
(God I am a riot)
HAHAHA
Jesus
Chris is DDRing
At an arcade
-.-
Yikes
He's gonna be on of those people today
Hahaha
Yes hahaha
I walked into a pub to eat
Realized its Beatles themed
Help
OH GOD
THAT'S EXCESSIVE
Life is Beatles themed
I hate it hahaha
I have never liked the Beatles
DID YOU KNOW THEY FOUND LIFE IN SPACE
ORGANISMS
on the international space station
WHAT
YES
Plankton. It's plankton.
Hahahaha. Nasa hasn't officially confirmed it but Russian astronauts are saying yes atm
That's so rad!
Right now neil degreasse tyson and bill nye are circle jerking around a king James bible and a biology textbook
*carl sagan rises from the ashes*
HAHAHAHA OH GOD
Chris lost it
Hahaha
Good. I try hard with jokes and it's good to know they're appreciated. Lol
They are!
I thought chris was being a thot at the arcade
HAHAHAHAH
we are now eating
Hey look at this guy whose vibin me
MmmMmmMmMmMm
Remember my friend cole Fleming
That's bizzaro cole Fleming
Omg
Hahahahahhaha
But nice dude
He's on team tatted too
Cole was not handsome
This guy is
NO haha he still isnt
Hahaha
I'm glad we can agree
I just want a rugged well groomed dude from the 1890s
Is that too much to ask
You want a steam punk
Hahagahagahaha
Put a giant clock on joshs ass and spin it with a gear
There ya go
HAHAHA
more like
In his ass
I'm sorry, too far
Yuck
HAHAHAHAHAHA
So yuck
No that hasn't happened
That was a joke
Lololol
I know but you can see it happening so I can't laugh I can only gag
GAG WAS NOT THE RIGHT WORD
Choke
No
Hahahaha
I can't see it happening
He is weird about that stuff
Guess what I'm going to make for dinner. Salad with boiled eggs and thousand island dressing. I LOVE BEING A COUPON MOM
And that shocks me
Hahaha a coupon mom
Goose
All
Fins
Stay
Erecr
Fins
Stay
Erect
Erect
Hahaha hahaha
Eref
Eref
Elert
So don't make fun of MW but
Ok MW
I paid for a month of okcupid prime or whatever
Just so I can see
About that one dark dreamy thing
Mmmmm
I know I have him
Its just a matter of time
I don't follow
You're speaking in code
Hold on. I want to be able to see if he has read my messages. I showed you this guy. He is drop dead sexy and weird and dark. And IN SCHOOL and well off
OH THAT GUY
90% match!!
AND
he is 24
Damn
That would be noice bruh
Dude I know like, biologically, I want his genetically superior babies
Hahahahaha
Oh shut up
Hahaha
Get out! I can choose to selectively breed my spawn.
Okay Hitler
I mean
RICHARD DAWKINS
Or someone who thinks like an animal breeder
That isn't a psychopath
I design life forms for entertainment
I would only have the most superior child
Hahaha
I am about to use the television
like
to watch tv
I haven't had this luxury before
but again, I don't have full control of it
Haha I'll have internet Monday after work!
use it to watch pornography with your friends
I have no friends
Wait
That's a lie
You are so used to being hateful that yo uautomatically said that
hahahahahahaha
I love being hateful hahahaha
Dude so here's the game plan
ok
I've already read this guy
I'm going to get a message back
sock it to me daddio
I will send one suggesting we hang out
HAHA
Then
All bets are off
hm
Because he seems sort of
Passionate hahaha
PASSION#
MMmmMMMMMm
btw
that is our thing now
Yes
It is
For scrumptious men
that was stolen from ian jesse
jesus
HAHA HE WOULD KNOW
HAHHAHAHA
I am using a copper skillet to boil an egg
lol
OMG
OMG
OMG
bella just snapped me
a photo of her crying and it said "saying bye to mom"
DUDE
WTF
WHAT
HAHAHAHA
like I mean
it's so funny
but
ITS NOT EVEN LIKE HER
THATS FUCKING NUTS
HAHAHA
Yea that's insanity
Photos of crying
Get out
like WHATEVEN
newmans own
Hahaha
nan
none of these are dressings
HAHA
lizard guts could be
I would eat one of your goddamn stupid lizards and spit the bones into your fucking face
I WILL EAT YOUR FACE AND SPIT IT INTO YOUR BONES
hahahahaha
I just read this exchanbe
exchange
and laughed aloud
LAL
LaL
Hahaha good gut laffs
I love living alone. I can have salad and almond milk for dinner and no one else gets to touch it. I can have it again tomorrow, again, because there is no one else here to take it.
LIVE ALONE
Hahaha no one to take YOUR shit
I wonder how loudly I can sing in ehre without people hearing
Sing so loud
Let your voice shiiiine
what is that from
Mi brain.
that explains why when I googled it thinking it was lyrics a cat ladys blog was the result
HAHAHAHA
nan
well he was born in the right decade
I HATE U
No you don't.
HEHEHEHE
You SET YOURSELF UP THERE
hahahahahaha
HEHEHEHEHE
IM SORRY
yes
I did
Hahaha
you have to keep sending me these
it bugs me that he saw you
I will dude
a 20 year old woman
and was like
Make a tumblr
"I got this"
Of these
HAHA
I can submit them to one that exists already
that's a good idear
YES
Hahaha
I'm watching
'everybody loves raymond'
"MAHHHHH"
"GEORGE"
*OI*
I wish you could come to washed out with me
I hope I have the money for it haha
Its only like 30 dollars
But still
when is tht?
I found a guy with an amphibious keep
Jeep
wjat
And amazing tattoos
like
that isnt
But he is not pretty
' close to an answer
HAHA
well
hm
I feel kind of
nan
I was recently in a similar situation. Kind of flirting with the idea of someone who is awesome but, like super super super average looking
OMG it looks like I'm prodiving commentary on what you look at
omg
I BASICALLY AM
HAHA
yes dude
I want to eat more food so badly out of boredom. but I know that I shouldn't. I hate being an adult.
Me too :( its fun sometimes though
Matthewh99 still has not read my message
this is good because
He has a life
Hahahaha
was he born in 99
No he is 24 or maybe older, he looks old
is his last name havoc
HAHAHA
HE DOES LOOK LIKE HIM
HAHHAHAHA
and I was just being silly
HAH
Looool
I want him to take me to see washed out
For free
Dammit
you've got to lather him with burts bees first
Mmmmm
I woukd
Hahahaha
mmmMmMmMMMmM
I imagine the person saying mmmMMMMmmMMm
has a crazy, hungry, look in their bulging eyes
YES
THIRSTY
hahaha
I want wasabi chips
dude apparently
this morning
Me too dude jeez
listen to hwo cute this is
Lol
david Wallace went up to my room, meowed and cried for like an hour looking for me, and then sat in the chair looking at the front door for like hours
Oh no
So sad
poor thing
Kitty cries
iigjr-g0i=4
Jsvsisbs
I'm so bored
I don't know what to do with myself until wednesdau
I need to sell another gecko
A nice one, a baby
Then get to it
a nice...
I know :/
a nice..a little...a little baby..yesssss
*finger friction*
I hate messenger dude. I wish you would text or something that doesn't pop up over my screen lol
I can do that
this is the most accurate i could find. his hair is a but longer now and seems maybe sun highlighted, and the sides are shaggy and not shaved up.  and he basically has a full beard/mustache situation but it doesnt look creepy so whatever. he's younger than chris anyways.  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151860954194517&set=t.1033308599&type=3&theater
I can't access that
it won't let me
haha
Dammit hold on
dude I just skyped with bella for like an hour and it wasn't weird. We talked about boys and our anxiety issues and it's like nothing bad ever happened between us.
I love that
also
look HARDER
ok
so
that is a manly man
haha
so different from chris
He is fucking lean muscle, former army reserve, takes care if himself like a grown ass man, oh god its wonderful
That's awesome but so not my type! hahaha. I'm happy for you though
What a catch
He is basically a normal fucking person compared to everyone I've been with
He wears like metal band shirts and skate shies now lol
He is stylish
hahaha
I know
Because
I am fashion
Yes
Obv.
I'm so excited to go to all these bars in columbus dude
haha
the other day isaac and i just kind of like walked all over town. like all the way downtown and past and back. There are so many cool clubs/bars that it's like OMG
SO SUAVE
Dude Spencer is in an its always sunny situation. I'm going to be in that bar ALL of the time. Its a dive bar but super cheap food that he doctors for me haha.
That's so hilarious
Like it literally will be like that
like your old life was lik ethe office
or
do we just watch too much tv
Yes today before he left for work he told me to come see him. He's working 15 hours today, just hanging around smoking INDOORS hahaha
My new job is even more like the office
I live two shows now
HAHA
2shows
is it necessary to SAY that you're in a domestic partnership
HAHA
Well
That's what it is
And
Chris has a girl too
So we don't want to weird out these people
Oh ok
Hahaha
I getcha
there's a rhyme and a reason for it
Yezzir there is
Its so nice having a guy who works like I do
He can buy me thinhs
Its crazy
Isn't it
I love work ethic
He is building and riding several scooters
About to buy anither
And a truck
And he wants to move out of his parents asao
And I could maybe room with him
Maybe
Take it slow dude
you don't want to jump too far into anything just because of momentary happiness
wel
not too slow
because thats not you
but slow enough
I know I'm not jumping too fast as far as moving lol, I just unpacked my shit
I went to see him at the bar with Kendall
He just bought me a rose haha
He's adorable
Thays so awesome dude. That's so sweet!!!
I like this guy
I did the whole "make dinner at home date" today
That's awesome :D my mom is coming in and he wants to cook for her. She is going to LOVE him
I came out to anthony
And the way he responded made me cry it was so beautiful dude
I don't deserve such wonderful people in my life
You're a wonderful person, of course you do
I'm watching Spencer go check up on the drunk people to make sure they don't go crazy
They're giving him drunken attitude
Its so cute hahaha
Lmao!! Dive bar problems
Its not technically a dive bar because of the carpet? Haha
Apparently he is like a 5 star cook
He just enjoys this atmosphere
That's interesting
I wouldn't enjoy a 5 star atmosphere
Yea he throws down in the kitchen haha
I keep having the most chill days with isaac dude.
Some dude just tried to come sit down with me. Haha
I'm like no, that piece of ass over there is mine
We talk about philosophy and science all day. He comes over. We eat dinner and talk about our lives. We watch a movie. Yada yada. repeat
Get out
OMG
LOL
It sounds like we have both found our people for now
Like seriously dude
Silent hill was om
When we had sex
It was perfect hahahaha
See like
Every day
things go a little bit further
but we have not had sex
but our conversations are so perfect that I could go without it. But there's like DEFINITE chemistry too which is awesome
This dude is a Pisces and I know that means nothing to you but he is ALL emotion and heart
Which equates to passion
Which equates to sex
I am shutting down a bar. Spencer has free reign of the case. This its Its Always Sunny.
HAHA
IT IS
I have not slept
We are unpacking tanks
So many tanks
Dude
This guy
Actually is male me
Except for the metal
Hahaha
Lmao awesome
Dude
I told him I could not orgasm. He took it as a challenge.
Oh hahaha
He was the one dude. So many guys would bow to him right now hahaha
You know the plus side about being with guys
Well two
One that is never an issue
Two at times if feels like your hanging with like a best bud that you get to put your hands on
Dude I have literally been having so much fun with him that I can't sleep
I have spent almost every night with him
We go do things!
Haha
Same dude.
So like there's this thing I'm horrified of
Sex. It intimidates me. He's for surreee been around the block..several, several times. Hahaha
Yea dude that's how Spencer is!
I am not super experienced obviously lol
But dude I may be jumping thr gun
But I'm taking it really slow
And I'm thinking like this guy is perfect for me
Literally the most compatible you can be
He said his friends think he made me up hahaha
Dude when it happened I was like STOP IM LIGHT HEADED and he started laughing and took a picture of me because I was hilarious and didn't know what to do with myself
And yea dude Spencer is too compatible
Its sort of ridiculous
Only problem is we have some little differences
He smokes a ton of cigarettes
And I think rubs snuff on occasion
Ew haha
He does heavier drugs but just recreationally and told me to never touch heroin haha
Yeah isaac is like so into psychedelics and I'm not but THAT'S TOTALLY not An issue it's awesome lop
He may be the person that gets me to smoke again
Dude I have been eating 5 star dinners hahaha
I have not
Hahahahaha
Lucky
He keeps telling me to kick Chris out
He hates him
He is nice to him but he hates how he is so lazy and I have to do everything for him
So my physics lecture is about to start and I'm in love with this course so NO DISTRACTION HUNDER
HAV GUD DAY
Bye friend
Who does this remind you of omg haha
"feminism is a cancer" he typed, vaping and chugging mountain dew "it's killing us men." The microwave dinged, his taquitos were ready
Hahahaha jesus
Chris
So much
Hahaha taquitos
RIGHT
HAHAHAHA
VAPING AND CHUGGING HIS MOUNTAIN DEW, THE MICROWAVE DINGS
this totally sounds like something I would say
lmfao
the other day my supervisor was making fun of how i phrase things and was just like "hunter, i bet you type exacty how you talk, dont you?" guilty as charged lol
"GUILTY"
*stefon from SNL voice*
hahaha i LOVE stefon
sorry im feeding geckos
ive been so depressed that ive been only doing the bare minimum with them
I know what you mean
but spencer makes me happy and he's into reptiles really hard now so i have time to focus on them
I've been having a realy bad mixed episode. Crazy mania and extreme depression. To top it all off, I got lithium toxicity hahaha
Awesome!!
whaaat lithium
im sorry dude im not going to be able to hold a conversation too well
didnt sleep this weekend
I feel. Believe me. haha
no worries
come to columbus and have kaluah icecream floats with me : /
dude i want to but it's so far away.  im going to baltimore on the 22nd to meet with a gecko person, and im driving to charleston befpore xmas to meet faimly.  i can hard;ly type.  my brain is dead.
i have accepted that spencer is probably going to die in the next 10 years, im just having to make sure i dont repeat his behavior
but staying up all weekend on energy drinks and cocaine
is not something i like doing
yeah don't do that often
haha
dude I'll be going to charleston at the end of nov
and the middle of dec
however he is going to help me build nice wooden racks for my animals, and he will basically help me with whatever i ask
YES
middle of dec
i will be trhere
ill have to figure out what date
YESHHHhhhhhh
dude im all like
confused and stuff
spencer says he wants someone to settle down with, someone with their own life who can also have him in theirs and enjoy him when they arent working on their own stuff
and that's what every person should want
but i dunno, i dont get enough affection from him
hey
hiya
so
i skipped work today
and made
another 500+ dollars on geckos
sold out, actually
and people are wanting more still
so 500 and counting
im so happy here
i guess im a bit drunk
drunk
drunkard
drunkeeeeeeeeeeeeee
i ought two 1.75 liters of citrus vodka for a party in richmond that jacob is taking me to
thats like 4 liters
christ
That's like 4000mLor
1.05 gallons
sorry
I've been converting things all day
logn story short
lots of alcohol
HAHA
yes
so
i cant believe i can sell geckos like this
like
in two years
i will be making lots of supplemental income
and selling supplemental plans
*jokes*
but awesome!
hahahaha
i bought these shooter things at the ABC store
the liquor store
run by the government
because thats the only place you can get liquor here
and theyre delicious
i miss you
but i feel
at home here
real home
this is my family
ive known them for two weeks
and they are family
that's fantastic
also
everything is run by the government
BOURGEIOS I SAY
hahaha
yes
I'm bored
me too, im drunkenly feeding geckos and waiting for jacob to get home
i've realized something
isaac gets obsessive the way you do.
he said yesterday " I want to go to finland "
and now
he's watching videos of how to speak it online
hahaha
yes
how are things there? with him?
not in finland
HAHA
well
we had a long logn talk about our relationship yesterday
The whole sex thing is stemming from insecurities on both ends
and like
i guess the whole relationship expectations things bugs him
and at some point we may try an open relationship?
however he said he's not actively looking for that now
he just wants to know that if he wanted it he could have it
huh well
if youre both 100% okay with it
but
you have to be BEST FRIENDS
for tat to work
I think he's bothered by commitment
or there will be jealousy
I know
I think i would be fine with it
the thing is
I don't think it will  actually happen (knock on wood)
he just hates feeling stuck
that's why hes always like
I WANNA MOVE
I WANT TO HIEK
HIKE*
ah okay
air sign
has to always be flowing
yes. sure.
that's actually really true
haha
i know it is
you shouild start listening to me haha
HAHAHA
dude its all true
its very accurate
like
the shayn and jacob thing
if you met jacob
you would understand
I looked up some stuff about it when you  told me
It's interesting for sure
in theory my relationship is ideal
based on astrology?
haha
yes
astrology will point you in the correct general direction
bbq bacon pizza
ive gotta go, jacobs home
luh you <#
<3
<3 bye
so
im talking to jacob about moving out of here
when we can
because the autistic son, collin, the son of karan who owns the house, has to take a 6 hour bus ride to school
but ive been letting them use my car to take hi in the mornings
but she refuses to help me with gas or rent for it
and we bought a 20 dollar swiffer type thing at walmart to help with the 4 dogs and 2 cats pissing on the floors
and she got pissed off that we bought the mop
because she just throws a towel over the mess
she doesnt EVER leave the house
and you know me, i dont like being taken advantage of
and jacob is unhappy with this as well
so he has been getting info on the 2 bedroom townhouses across the street
they are 875 a month
and we can afford that once he gets prooted in march
the problem is, i can afford that now because of my full time job and my gecko investments and my, if need be, credit card
but he doesnt want to move until he is promoted
still with me?
guess not
Sorry
Fb was closed out
Sk
So
What are you gonna say to him abkut thjz?
so, im trying to tell him that my friend/co-worker Bree has been desperately looking for an apartment
jake does not make good checks because until he is ass. manager in march he is getting shithours and pays child support and karan is bleeding him for money like for the mop that we NEED
and eating his food
drinking all his beer
and he's stressed about it
because he is trying to find stability like i am
he is only not in the army because his mom died recently of bone cancer/leukemia
he quit the army to be with her before she died
now this is his only option
and my only option
and we are the only ones who care about cleanliness and orderliness
duncan cares but karan, his mom, has a grip on him like my mom did with me
if he leaves, she will go insane and he will come back
so duncan cannot be relied on to help with moving out
plus, im trying to find a better job
but i have made about 1k in geckos this week, which i will slowly receive over the next two months
and i have a full time job
and so does bree
and bree gets checks from the navy as well
so we could move
but he refuses to rely on me
which i respect
but at the same time, you have to put pride away for awhile
for the greater good
i dont even want to discuss my 5k credit card
because that would wreck me
but i could get an apartment right now
but they eat his food and make him pay for her cigarettes and beer
This is a sticky situation
Ehhh
tomorrow he has the day off and he said he is going to clean the entire kitchen, i am going to go grocery hopping, keep all dry goods in our room away from them, and he wants to cook me meals and stop eating out places
but the problem there is, they will want to eat the food he cooks
my food
if im paying rent i shouldnt be feeding the family too
so, as much as i like collin, im not letting them use my car to take him to school anymore
because i just cant afford to
and shes a cunt for not even thanking me for that
its a 6 HOUR bus ride
even collin talked to her aboutit
and she got mad at jacob because collin wanted to help me help him
so to sum everything up
i could leave baasically now but my credit woujld be fucked and id half to sell half my eckos
geckos
but, i will wait until march when jacob gets prooted and by that time i will also be making better money
but three months of this
is going to wear on me mentally and financially
i make the most money of anyone in this house
even without gecko sales
or a credit card
i am the only one with a full time job
Dude wtf
Fuck that
Do NOT be walked on
Take a stand
i cant
this is my only home
so collin can take the bus
and im keeping my food in my room
That is a good compromise
right, and no more eating out
jacob will cook for me
he is a master cook
and masseuse
and makes incense
out of herbs
his stepmom is a professional massage therapist
so he can actually fix my back muscle issues
although he is afraid to work on my lower back because it could paralyze me
but he helps my shoulders
he is husband material
he is so smart
i have a bug bite and i was scratching it
and he said, pinch it
hard
white blood cells will rush to the pain
and fight the poison in the bug bite
he has extreme experience in like every field
have i shown you him?
im listening to sea change and eating sriracha ramen with veggie meatballs that he made me
if only he made more money, i would commit to him very long term
he calls me "little one", like he is protecting me
im sorry if youre asleep now but i hate sleep because that means i have to work tomorrow and i hate my job
Its okay
Im not
Im just stressed
Im sorry
look at what i just posted
i am
HEATED
dude
i feel like
i want to smash chads face
and break his teeth
and jamee
she deserves to be beaten
with chains
I still work with chad. Hes mean. Haha
i hope one of them sees my post
i DARE them to say something
im going to smash them
do me a favor and
punch chad in the mouth
so his stone lip pate
breaks all his teeth
thank you
Did either one confront you?
no
iwish a bitch would
Bitches  b crazy
i thin i unfriended chad
jamee may see it
fuck em
im going to isolate myself in my room and drink "sweet tart" jungle juice and watch the office
because everyone else is in the living room doing nerd shit
DWIGHT SHRUTE
IS
MANAGERRRR
Holly and Michael
I love them
They are perfect
They are so perfect haja
Haha*
I wish Jacob could come to Charleston
You'll love Duncan
But Jacob is so
Amazing
And you'll approve so hard
I swear
Approve so hard
I will be fined
Hahahaha
The only thing negative about him
Is that he hasn't been promoted yet so he makes shit money
And he plays MMORPGs
Not like a crazy person but
He likes them a lot
One foot in the grave is all I've been listening to
Maybe the best album of all time
It is good
I'm really depressed about Chris
And what he said about me to Kendall
And his betrayal as a friend
I'm drinking
I hate my job
I want to quit
It makes me ill
I have not cried in a very long time
But I want to drive to no where and bawl
But instead I'm playing cranium
Dammit
stop drinking
STOP
I can't, everone is
Board games
I just experinced sexual dysfunction. End my life
I do all of the time
I'd rather profess my feelings than have sex
I just recently since I moved here have been able to orgasm vaginally and it still basically never happens. Clitorially, still hardly ever. I'm just a hole.
I'm a hole that will cuddle afterwards.
That's my sex life.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I love you
I sweae
I'm glad I could make you laugh haha
I've accepted it
Don't even care anymore
I am just a hole
nan
This made me feel good
Hahaha
HAHAHA
I laughed
It made me happy
Yes good
I'm playing risk
Jacob was in the armg
I'm drunk
I'm going to losw
Yai am gawd
Hahaha
Hahahahaha
finaly lost at risk
thank god
the autistic son
gets on my fucking nerves
i swear to god
i want to hit him
he wont shut the fuck up
omg
haha
im serious
like
jacob could see it in my face
that i was just DONE
so i lost on purpose and secluded myself
so i can listen to beck and snack on wasabi peas
so, am i the only person on the planet that pours things into my mouth because i dont want food stuffs on my hands
i know i look like an animal pouring a bag of food into my mouth
but i dont want it on my handds
They crave that mineral
Sitting at a stop light
Tell Mr about it
I told Jacob I need to 'get some" tonight
Bees
So I I don't
Beans
I'll be upset
I can't get out Iif the car while a pumpkins song is playing
I will sit and enjoy
Dammit
Noooo my vape is dead
What have I done
you have betrayed the vape gods
but you crave that mineral
so take a dry hit
or "nothing" as i like to call it
I CANT WAIT FOR YOU TO BE HERE
HAHA
I AM SO EXCITED
my mom is excited also
Im living for this haha
haha
I LIVE FOR THIS MINERAL
i hear Vietnam is lovely
Yay I love yer mom!!
Hahaha Vietnam
I'm at Chesapeake Walmart
It isn't southridge :(
It can't be
nothing could ever be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVxeOOQo7gM
<3 u
I love you too michael and I can't wait to be back in WV...Jacob is going to stay here and if he gets promoted and gets a house I may move back and go to mortuary college, because I really really want to.  But Jesus I've never been this fucked with money before in my life
I know
I am so sorry
so sorry
I wish I could do something
Its okay. I love home. I'm excited to go back.  I feel like I need to spend more time with my friends and I need to get a job where nepotism isn't a factor. Things will work out eventually. But Chris fucked me by moving back
Dude
he Fucking DID
holy shit
He ruined everything. And then today I mentioned to him that it was immature to show up at my dads and he said the nastiest meanest things to me, I started crying at work and just left
he's a piece of shit
I know. He is just like Kendall. Both of them ruined any chance of success.
I want to go home, let Jacob keep working here, and maybe come back and be more successful.
that meme is totally chris btw
IT IS
hhahaha
so i need to start seeing more friends
and not just shayn
I saw a bunch of old friends yesterday
it was nice
i "did it" last night
and now i woke up i like
what?
in my own bed
i miss jacob so much
i had protected sex with sahayn
and thren came home
HAHAHAHA
I NEEDED YOU TO SAY THAT
dammit fingers
hahahaha
YOURE JUST JEALOUS
hahahaha
he's physically attractive. yes. but I would not have sex with him.
haha
the sex is much better when he actually cares about the person
its actually really good
he still has a 10 inch dick
vaginas are pretty elastic
whereas
HAHA
yeah
dude he like
hit my cervix severak times
HAHA
and im like GAH STOP NOPE
JESUS CHRIST
I feel like
hahahahaha
the first time that happens
you're like
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK MAN
WHAT WAS THAT
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
YOU ARE IN LIKE 7 FATHOMS
A LEAUGE EVEN
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HOW DID HE REACH THE 8TH FATHOM
JUST HOW
LMFAO
HAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA
im dying
cannot breath
fathoms
"yeah i fucked this guy who's dick reached my 8th fathom"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
*taers*
TEars
fuck
im sleepy still
thren
and i have to see my mom
ew
sorry
actually i must go shower so i can do that
later yo
by
yo
heya
what it do
watching oz and eating my third cinnamon roll
you?
hahaha
I would like a cinnamon roll. I have no food. hahaah
I'm reading and waiting for isaac to wake up. He likes to sleep. It's one of the six things he likes to do.
and OZ
lol
haha im waiting for jacob to wake up so i can talk to him and say the same things i say to him every day and then go to bed with a different man because i have a hole in my soul that needs filled with muscular cuddles
im not a bad person
i just want comfort
and i am avoiding sex a lot of the time
HAHA
WELL
so be it
whatever you need to get by dude
and who is this man
hahaaha
thats it man, im just trying to get by haha
shayn, obvi
lolol
I thought soooo
just double checking
mike thinks he's super cool so he's been staying over about half of the time now, watching tv with me and mike, cooking, cleaning, etc
that's awesome
!
he loves me a lot and i love him but we both know we are not meant to be
we have agreed to enjoy each other while we can
that's fair I think'
go for it dude
enjoy what life has to offer
im doing it man
i love it
and fraud, my job
is super hard
SUPER HARD
but
yeah dude
haha
im really good at it so far
suhhweeeet
i have just enough money to pay all my immediately due bills before i get my first paycheck
life is good
as in
im okay
hahaha
A group at the University of Akron (among other places) has developed
a tape that works w/o any glue by mimicking how a geckos foot works.

http://www2.uakron.edu/cpspe/dhinojwala/index.htm
Gotta love science
That's amazing haha. I'm working 9-5, and I almost feel asleep so many times that the person training me told me to take a coffee break
jesus
that's intense
I know. I just got clean from dope, found enough xanax to last me one a day until my script can be filled. I've never worked 9-5 so going to sleep before 12 is damned near impossible
Also, Chris is going back to panera hahahaha
HAHA
Of  course
I know dude I KNEW IT
I SWEAR I DID
Hashtag called it
Yes haha
I hate my job right Now though
I need my 2:39-11 shift
2:30
Fell asleep again. Coffee isn't working. Energy drink time. Also, im getting tested after work.
Really?  Why?
Because I might have herpes and I need to know. Im done messing around with shayn. Not worth it.
Good for you
He is so evil now that I'm not attracted to him anymore
nan
Poetic fucking justice.
Omfg
Yep, that happened. Got pregnant by him the night he took us to his house drunk and I passed out and he wouldn't let me leave
I'm getting so many messages from her. They're all so nasty. The meanest things anyone has said to me.
yikes
ignore that that
shit
It hurts, michael
block her
How Spencer used me to get to her and he treats her like a princess and she assumes Jacob got tired of me so I moved back home.
don't let that get to you
that's NON SENSE
and you know it
it still sucks
but still
Yea I'm just so sensitive to these things
I want her to burn in hell
I'd appreciate if someone would take my side with her but not a one will
why not?
that's fucking ridiculous
You should be that person.
Its not like you'll ever see her again.
She blocked my messages but keeps sending me more
I can't block her
Why are you assuming im not on your side
Shes a trash person
No I mean, no one has said anything to her.
For me.
Ohhhh
I have nothing to lose
She can't get my messages and I can't stop getting hers.
I know
Please please make it so sweet
So so sweet
What do you want me to say?
I don't give a FUCK anymore
I have smoked like half a pack today, I've had no food, and I'm cranky as FUCK
BRING IT
Something about how she has no future, has had a million abortions. Shayn broke her jaw hitting her in the face fucking her. Jacob loves me no matter what I do. As do you. I'm one of the most golden hearted people you've met and she is a junkie addict liar. I told her I thought she was fucking Spencer and she freaked out on me. She stole my pills from me. She made me move to Virginia and give up my house and my animals and now I have nothing and she thinks I'm the cunt
And sprinkle in your best. Please.
I need this to make her cry.
Okay wow
hahaha
wait
That's inTENSE
Mention her constant vaginal infections and all that
I can't do that
I'll tell her she sucks and stuff
if you want
and how she's wrong
Yes okay just do your best
I am on your side
I promise
I just can't bring myself to verbally attack her
I don't know what to do
lol
Want me to show you what she said to me?
nan
nan
That level of nastiness. Make it make you angry. And then start writing.
that's yucky
but I'm not a confrontational person
I jsut tried to be
and couldn't
haha
Come on michael...
No one else will do this
for good reason
it's foolish
and it's stooping to her level
I can't even fend for myself because she blocked me
you're better than asking me to do this
you don't need to prove ANYTHING
to HER especially
She thinks my relationship with Jacob failed and that makes me angriest
let her think it
in her pathetic little world
everything is right
Then write something nice and professional and tell her to leave me alone
but we both know it's not
is she still harassing you???
Yes
She won't stop
i told her "you have to stop"
I can't figure out how to block the messages. Apparently you can't on my phone.
Hahaha
She's a monster
A real ghoul
she's like
writing back
why
Because she's evil
She will block you after that message
It willbm be nasty
So you should prepare something
she says you messaged her first
Of course I did. Dylan messaged me sending me screen caps of her shit talking me and saying this stuff
i said this
I JUST FOUND OUT AT WORK
THAT SHE WAS FUCKING SPENCER
WHEN I WAS WITH HIM
I literally can't believe I am having this conversation with you
you are like 30 years old
AND HAS HIS CHILD
HAHAHA
here is what just happened
23 faggot. Now mind your own business and continue to talk your shit with her leave me out

I'm going to go now. Just keep in mind that it solves nothing to be in constant conflict. You'll feel better not arguing.
I think I'm being reasonable
I hate her so much
So fucking much
I loved my jab at her age though
like I know she's not 30
I just don't give a fuck about her life
that much
HAHA
She's not arguing with me
Just berating me
I hate her so much
Hate hate hate hate
Its hurting my soul and im trying to let it go
But its stuck in my mind
And it hurts
Anything back from her? I'm sure I'll get something.
nahhh
I'm so dehydrated from all the energy drinks I had to consume, they couldn't get a vein. They found one and said one try and if it didn't work I had to come back. Thank god she got it. I'll know by Friday.
If I'm infected
With the hero
oh boy
good luck
The doctor seemed optimistist
Hahah
Optimistic
So. So am I.
how could he have been?
haha
Lol
Well I hope I'm clean
Because to be honest
I want to spend time with josh. Not like, sex time necessarily. But I want him to hold me and make me feel better. He is THE most level headed person I know and he always makes everything better for me.
nan
Just got this.
Eh
Yikes
Im sorry
It hurts.
dude my test results came back
And youre clean
I AM I AM I AM I AM I AM I AM CLEEEEEEEAN
I knew it
Yayyy
i didnt know it
i would have bet i was dirty
i mean
i had sex with shayn so many times
how did this happen
am i immune?
what the hell
god has mercy on my soul
and this means
i dont have to have sex with anyone anymore
i can just have coffee with josh
and ill be good
i told jacob today that we need to maybe back off of this thing and see how things play out for us because i cant deal with him anymore
i just cant
Thatz fair i think
Sry not responding much
Classing
dude he is obsessed with me
like
i have done SO MUCH to him
and when i said i didnt want to drive down in the snow for valentines day
because, lets face it, im not going to pay for that entire trip myself
what am i, a man>?
but he freaked out
and he was like NO WE SHOULD WORK EVERYTHING OUT NOW
I WAS SO EXCITED I HAD SO MANY PLANS
and im like....who was footing the bill for those plans, dick?
i bought 50 dollars of shisha dude
he had never bought me ANYTHING
oh, i forgot, the worst meal of my life at waffle house
also JOSH IS GOING TO GO TO VB WITH ME TO GET MY STUFF FROM JACOBS AND THEN ENJOY OURSELVES
HE IS ACTUALLY GOING TO REQUEST A DAY OFF
TO GO WITH ME
:DDDDD
this morning i was like, fuck it, i want it so im gonna ask.  and i asked.  and he was like, okay.
dude i swear
i went from working at 9 am
to 2:30 am
im dying right now
i should be in bed
2:30 PM
and no one will talk to me
havent even heard from martin and he spent the whole night cuddlign me, i just kind of laid there
Thats weird
he's probably asleep, like i should be
but
it was kind of weird
i thought he was going to try something
because we were on molly, weed, wine, a little H
and he just sort of cuddled me the whole time and talked about me and josh and how we should all go do something
and josh agreed, meaning that he has accepted that martin knows what's going down
it's nice that he isnt freaking out anymore
also, theres an amazing guy who sits beside me in fraud and he is HILARIOUS and loves good music and is super witty and has such a wird sense of humor, and i was like, i bet he's a libra
and then he just mentioned being a libra
i think i finally found peace
how so?
im going to start a savings account for clothes, car stuff, and show costs
ive realized that when im with my "tribe", i feel loved and protected
awesome!
and this way i can slowly build geckos back up
im happy again
all it took was some gratitude, a little talking with josh, and a friend to give me 9 dollars for gas
awesome sauce
sometimes it's just the little things
i have to go get my things from jacob because he's beign a whiney bitch
and i convinced josh to drive down with me
even after chris is spreading shit about us
and that made me really happy
chris is
something
i forget he exists
why is he still a thing
he needs to *stop*
im in love with josh and always have been. it makes me happy just to know he cares about my well-being and would risk his reputation tog ive me the time of day.
and i WENT OFF on chris
i told him i hope he gets fired nd he's a monster
he's just pitiful
he is.  he was like IM DOING BETTER THAN EVER SINCE YOURE OUT OF MY LIFE
so i said
YEA WITH YOUR HOUSE AND YOUR CAR AND YOUR DEGREE, RIGHT?
i wanted him to die
josh says that i win because chris gets to be the jealous ex now
and i am making real head-way with josh as far as comfort goes
he doesnt get angry at me anymore when people find out "stuff" about us
he says its not my fault
he is the creepy father figure i never had that i want in my life forever so he can tell me to be smart
Hahaha
Thats a nice comparison
i have to show you this analogy h gave me earlier, after he mentioned how communicatoni is so important and i wanted to be clear about whee i stand
let's say that what we did was go bowling.
and all the time we go to bowl a game.
every week, a few times a week, etc.
then one day one of us is in a relationship
practically speaking, there is just not the same time to bowl as there used to be.
it's nothing to feel bad over
unless the relationship was what you really always wanted.
it's not because i suddenly don't like bowling in general, or i thought you were not good to bowl with. it's just that i only have so much time and if you're dating someone most of that ends up going to them.
as it is, if i were to start spending some of that with you, doing anything at all, it would probably mean less time that i'm spending with amber.
which isnt to say i wouldnt do it.
but just that it's not like i'm just setting on my ass with nothing to do the rest of the time.
i stay booked up.
Okay
this is all him, btw
I catch his drift. A little wordy but message recieved.
and then "when you make decisions that increase your instability or increase the amount of chaos in your life, i have to remove myself from that situation.
i will not allow that to infect my life.
but that doesnt mean i don't care."
because we were VERY close when i moved to VA
and the crazier my situation got
the less close we were
Hes just unequipped to deal with high levels of emotions. Not his fault. But what hes saying isnt true of everyone. Its josh who has the issue. Not a big issue. But hes addressing it in some way. Hes emotionally unavailable
i dont think that's really what it is
if anything, when i was pregnant, chris could not deal with it and josh could
he is just trying to self preserve, because that's the only way he knows to be safe
He is trying to sound like this god of reason and i find it a little condescending with respect to you
Like its not the worst thing
But a little critical
Okay class time message me and ill reply later
we have a dynamic, he treats me like his daughter that he is rying to show the correct way to go about things, and i try my best to listen because he is almost always right.  i want him to talk to me that way.  that's how we work best together.  he pretends that he doesnt need love and doesnt need emotion, so when he least expects it i give him something a little heartfelt and it makes him truly happy.
i remember i was eating with him once, and im a messy eater obviously, and he just started laughing and watching me and finally said "youre fucking adorable".  he wants love.  he is just afraid of being hurt again.
i sit so close to him now that i get to hear him laugh all day, we work the same shift and same days
he sounds ridiculous but i always find myself smiling
also
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=780945105313954&set=ms.c.eJw1x8kJADAMA7CNinM4dvZfrFCofpKxTVSsMemj9wAratn~%3B8rTSuObuCZ8~-.bps.a.686575504750915.1073741852.100001954163100&type=1&theater
omg
MMMMMmmmMMMMmm
Dude
I have to tell you something that just happened
I went to Travis' car to do some legal drugs, like caffeine basically
And he started making out with me
WHAT IS MY LIFE
IM INVOLVED WITH EVERYONE
omg ew don't do that
don't do that!!!
hahaha
NOT TRAVIS
I DIDNT WANT TO
I REALLY DIDNT
I DID
NOT
WANT
TO
I AM NOT HAVING SEX WITH HIM
AM NOT
EVER
BUT WHY IS EVERYONE TRYING TO GET WITH ME RIGHT NOW
ITS SCARING ME
and one of my new supervisors hates women and is being really mean to me
im so disatisfied here
i want to go to school but i cant go to class and then come into this work environment
there are 100000 reasons not to do something
school would be rewarding compared to work
i need to apply for my fafsa but every second i have away from work im trying to forget about the world
I know
but I think you should do it
if not for "now"
for the future
you'll feel better after it's done
and you'll get a shit ton of money from the feds
so that's something
they often give you so much if you're poor, that you get small refunds
i know, i need to apply. i hve a lot to do wednesday so ill try to do it then
goood
im so poor from my car and eveything that ive considered street work
like, safe street work, but street work
i feel like garbage
I know
and I'm sorry
I had to borrow money from my mom for rent this month. so I'm in the same boat. Except I'm humiliated lol
shayn knows people who will pay, and travis has a "busioness opportunity" to talk to me about
ive had to borrow thousands of dollars from me dad in the past 6 months
i feel like a waste of space
i just want someone to love me and take care of me
i found it, michael.  this is what life is.  please read through this and try to deeply understand.  this is literally enlightenment.  i cannot believe it.  http://www.tantrainisrael.com/aboutTantra.html
http://www.marshall.edu/biology/undergrad/degrees/
your mother snagged my compliment
Who said it first
ME
HAHA
wait are you here???
no
my bus leaves at 525
Oka Oka yyyy
Wut
But yes
I will c u den
wat
yes
HAIL SATAN
jk
Not really
he is hailed.
Carbon is 6.6.6.
Hahaha
yep. six protons, six neutrons, six electrons
therefore
everything contains a little bit of evil
wanna hear an awesome philosophy thing
Not quite
i was kidding btw
lol
Carbon is our adversary
You gotta work with it
And against it
don't down talk my baby carbon
I have a whole class next semester on carbon
Hahaha
carbon is my friend
YES
I LOVE CARBON
LOVE
matter is consciousness
Lolol
I've got a six carbon ring tattooed on my body, so I do too haha
matter is consciousness indeed
So i've been looking into dream analysis
my new therapist is from the schools of jung and freud
and he wants to analyze my dreams
Dreams are the same as "heaven", I'm pretty sure
The better your consciousness, the more control you have in your dreams
There's ABSOLUTELY no way of saying that for sure
haha
oh
wel
that
yes
Well I know but
I agreee
Yes
Haha
But
Dude
So
I figured out why I'm like this now
Its a little far fetched
But
oh boy
I overdosed
And didn't DIE die
DERRRRRR
That's what I thought all along
haha
I did die but, I came back
Hahaha
you had a near death experience
I WISH YOU WOULD HAVE SAID SOMETHING
I WAS SCHIZOPHRENIC
hahaha
I'm okay now though
good
Just "crazy"
lol
But totally okay
Aren't we all
Dude
Do me a favor
PLEASE
PLEASE
PLEASE
gotcha
AS A NEUROSCIENTIST
GOTCHA
OK
PLEASE TALK TO JOSH AND TELL HIM THIS SHIT HAPPENS, IM NOT CRAZY
I sent him all the science
All of it
But he respects you
More than me
He won't really talk to me anymore
And I hate it
If he's being a dick to you I want nothing to do with him
Talk to him please
I'll consider it
And then tell him that if he won't listen
But
He is being religiously non religious
And I told him that
And he didn't like it
Hahahaha
the worst human beings are atheists
they're all like
I KNOW
HAHA
DISCOUNT EVEERYTHING THAT ISNT SCIENCE
I KNOW
so closed minded
BUT THIS IS SCIENCE
and half of them
DONT KNOW SCIENCE
IT IS IT IS
I KNOW
HAHAHA
JOSH CANT DO MATH
AT ALL
HAHA
AT ALL
HAHAHA
IDIOT
HAHAHA
Math is kind of my wheelhouse
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I LOVE YOU
<3
IM DYING
my wheelhouse
SHUT UP
HAHAA
Is near death and near death acvessories
God dammit
Hahahaha
hahahahaa
I'm so glad you understand
SO GLAD
SERIOUSLY
i sell c3h8
*bwah*
Right
So
Christ dude
I need to be in school
NOW
FUCKING TAX BULLSHIT
GOD DAMMIT
I HATE TAXES
me 2
Theyre keeping me from doing my fafsa
And I'm upset because I quit my job because I want to go to school forever
Hahaha
Gett em done!
nan
Got eem.
he got all defensive
hahah
I know dude, he didn't know what to do. He just shut down.  When science doesn't placate his beliefs, science is invalid. Hahaha
HE's exactly like a religious person!! haha
I KNOW HAHA
IDIOT
HES AN IDIOF
IDIOT
fuck him dudd
He's getting fat anyways
Not that it matters but
He is unhealthy
And mean
He's doing the right things totally wrong
it's so nice outside
I'm outside with my laptop
I wanna go play at the architects house in the sun
It is beautiful outside
So dude, I smoked a ton of medical weed and now I'm scary psychic
that's hilarious haha
so
Dude so
i came to a conclusion
Tell me
you're whole idea of being psychic
You have reached enlightenment, metaphysically. You are 100% aware of yourself. In every aspect. You're in tune with nature and your mind and your body and yourself. But You're calling it psychic for some reason.
It's like a high level of meditation
that appears magical
but it's just a higher plane of living
I know what it is, I just simplify it to myself haha
it's not magic
I know this
I get it haha
OK good
I was just making sure
we were on the same page
hahaha
I love you so much
Haha
I got into an argument with this bitch
who said philosophy was worthless
I lost my composure
HAHA
GOD DAMN BITCHES
dude call me
Haha
ok
heya
Heyyy
I'm at sheetz yo
Ok dude
where's that anyway
haha
Haha its in Winfield
you are far from me
My heartsynergy is not pulsing
I had some beer
btw
Right? Hahaha
so that's why I'm weird
STOP DRINKING
I did
Okay, good.  Thank you. You worry me.
My synergy is out of whack
What hahaha
I love that word
synergy
You're cracking me up. Fella
negative synergy dynamics matrix
synergy
screaming SCREAMING
smel it
what are yo udoing
Sitting in my car
On the street
Talking
YOU?
Passsin out
Ill see you tomorrow!!
Kayyy
Lemme know when you wanna meet up today. Dawg
okayyy im cleaning and feeding geckas, then ive gotta deliver a gecka, then i can meet up witchoo
ok get dem geckas
kas
hahaha GOT EEM
life is so good dude
haha
im almost out of paper towels though
fuck
Damn
The one thing goin wrong
hahaha
right?? hahaha
Gecko things are the most essential!
I'm going to see if I can trade a gecko for some leopard geckos tomorrow in Akron
because I want to breed leopard geckos more than cresteds right now
Pet shops will buy them and theyre super cute
that's true
they are cute
haha they are dude
i just want a nice place to live
a small, nice place
that is clean
this place is just so fucking cluttered
it is
and i cant clean it becaus emike just fucks it all up again
so theres no reason to do it
fuckin shit
yea
i clean my room, and the kitchen, thats it
I just had a pita with a stick of cheese inside of it
Yay that's awesome! haha
I ate an avacada
because they are the fruit of the gods
basically
don't feed that to your parrot
they can't eat le avacada
hahaha i didnt know that
im glad you told me
my mind wants me to cry so badly, but because I'm on a set of regulated medications I can't physiologically wallow
this is the worst
You're okay michael
I promise
I feel so helpless
i've become this wallowing masochist who craves the feeling of being distressed
and when my brain is literally blocked from doing it
I feel a new kind of distress
it's like neurosis for its own sake
Damn.  That's pretty crazy.  You need to meditate.
I'm going to start by just writing out all of my thoughts
like a journal of sorts
also my moms throwing 100 bucks your way for tomorrow
awesome stuff :)  and to be honest, writing down stuff is good if you write it down, stop thinking about it, and then burn/throw away the paper
if you keep the paper it just solidifies the thoughts
It does
i used to do the same thing and it just made things worse
When are you gonna be finished with all your bidness
im workin on it
ok
haha
just let me know
its a lot to take care of
i will
I know
for sure
asap
cause you tend to make me feel better
and I know I cant rely on you forever
but momentarily I can
haha
yes dude thats what im here for :)
ill hurry, i promise
Michael I'm freaking myself out again
How so
I felt a tinge of pain in the side of my leg
Thought I had a blood clot
I don't want to speak in present tense
You dont have a blood clot
I've been sitting for a couple of hours
And I hate sitting
Oh my
I don't want to drive. I wish someone could pick me up.
Oh my what?
Don't say things like that Michael
I could picj you up. But ultimately wed have to go back and get your car for tomorrow
That's fine I'd just like someone to be here for a minute
Just in cae
Case
I need to shower still but I don't feel comfortable without someone here
Where are you again
St Albans
710 Washington street
Im running errands now but ill be there as soon as i can
Fuck
I need to drop off a gecko
What
Oh thats right
Fuuuuck
And I need a shower
Just take a deep breath and get to it
I mean
I'm afraid to do anything
Try not to be
Walking
I'll be okay
I really believe you're fine
Why do I have these fears
Its not fair
I understand
I feel like Chris tracer
Not tracer haha
However you spell it
Trager
Haha
My body is a microchip
Litrally a grain of sand could destroy it
Hahaha
I can drive myself
I just need food
Haha good
I cant put into words how bad i feel
This is the worst man
I'm about to leave to meet this gecko guy
This I will meet you
ok
I have matt's gecko with me :D
you do? why?
I'm gonna bring it over in a bit.
matts not here
and we can't pay for it now
but okay haha
I know that silly
Just making sure!!! haha
I have to fix my tires for the trip at my dads, and then I have dinner with my fucking mom at 8
Oh yikes
:/
I want to tell her I can't go
what would even happen
lol
Nothing. Haha
Didnt think so haha
She may also be cooking up a hot plate of drama
Hahaha
That's like all she says
Eats
Haha
With a hardy side of histrionic displays
Hahaha
On my way!
ok
Can you come with me if you want to live please?
That's confusing. Just come outside. Haha
ok
Is your mom gonna be here in the morning for gas moneys?
I have the money
O ok
Kewl
Are you okay?
no
Tell me what's wrong.
I don't know
Have you tried meditating? I know that it sounds silly and its hard sometimes but it works.
I cant stop pacing
I cant sit still long enough
Yes you can.  You have to make yourself.  It doesn't just happen.
You have to be tired enough of the worry to make it stop.
I am trying so hard to make it go away
You need to close your eyes, breathe correctly, and remember that none of this is even real.
You're fine.
I cant differentiate reality ad fantasy
They're one in the same
Whatever you believe, is true
To you. At least
And that's all that mattrrs
I dont know
We have fun, big things to do tomorrow. You need sleep.
Take some gabba
And lay down
I dont need sleep. Ive taken so many benzos i should be sedated. Sleep doesnt need me and i dont need it. You need sleep
You're not going to get past this if you don't let yourself.
Youre right. I know you are
But i am weal
No you're not, you're choosing to be
I'm gonna sleep. Promise me will get a few hours.
Ill attempt
Goodnight
Night bud
Hey, you up?
Yep
Ever since the other day I have been having some seemingly serious but probably not bowel problems
And I'm wondering how long I should wait before getting it checked out
Probably not much longer
I'm sort of upset by the way things went Sunday. I feel like I was taken advantage of.
What are you talking about?
In all seriousness...WHAT...?
I mean if you want me to be totally honest I'll go down the list of things I took note of.
Ok?
No one made you do anything
Well, I never said anything about that, but thanks for the input.
I dont understand why im under scrutiny here.
You haven't even let me say what I wanted to and you're already being defensive?
Fuck it dude.
Yes. Im in chem lab and im trying to have a conversation in two minute intervals so im kinda stressed.
I just need to hear what you have to say
Then I'll go ahead and let you know what's up.  Your mom allotted me 100 dollars to take you back to school, which was sort of a hike.  You didn't let me have any of the money except for exact gas money, you spent the night before and that day talking about how much your life sucks because of Isaac, you then wanted me to get Isaac from the airport, you decided I couldn't go to whole foods because it wasn't what you wanted to do, and then criticized my food purchases, I basically cleaned your apartment, and then you didn't want to bother allowing me to eat something that wouldn't make me sick, which you were going to pay for with the money your mom gave me to take you to Columbus, and then you decided you weren't paying for the food I didn't want to buy in the first place, and I spent the ride home WRECKED sick, and you didn't even make sure I got home alright.  You expressed no concern for me whatsoever and only give a shit if Isaac is going to leave you or not on a day to day basis.  I'm bleeding from that food, and I can't believe you just care so fucking little about my health or my comfort. I don't care if you choose to see what I'm saying.  I'm done with it, because I can't keep letting other people hurt me.
I apologize for coming off that way. It was not my intent. But you didnt have to take me. You didnt have to eat the food. You didnt have to go to kroger. You are being so childish. I obviously  care about your health and comfort. Youve just fabricated a world in which you mean nothing to me so as to feel like a victim. Why? You know i would never intentionally hurt you. You KNOW this
What is with this victim complex?
You do things for people
Then act like you were forced
Shut up.
Fuck off.
You can have your mom give me either the money for the gecko or the gecko.  You're right, I didn't have to do any of that, but I did it because I wanted to make you comfortable.
Shell obviously pay you
Dont make thjs something more than it is. Ive been self involved recently and ive had stupid shit distracting me from whats important
I realize this
The WHY of a situation does not matter. Forget about all of that.  Regardless of the food, I was violently ill and you didn't say a damned thing to make sure I was okay or made it home.
You can make me to be crazy if you want to.  I don't care.
I had no idea you were ill. I just thought you were irritated so i left you alone
I told you that I had to pull over two separate times to vomit on the road
I had to sit in a parking lot drinking water so I could keep puking
I didnt know it was that big of a deal or i would have been more comforring5
I am sorry that you got sick
I am sorry that i was inattentive
I can undo my actions. I can only take responsibility for them
Im not a super caring person. But i try.
I dont put in effort in any area of my life anymore. At least in the parts that matter
I never meant to take you for granted
I just lose sight of things when my own issues overarch everything else
If you want to be angry with me, you have every right
But dont over analyze my intentions. Because frankly, i have no agenda. Not alterior motives
Im just self absorbed. And you aren't. Obviously
I know you have no agenda.
Then you realize this is me making a selfish mistake and apologizing right? Because you know im not capable of beibg any closer to perfect than i am.
Im just not.
I realize that im the worst. I do. You dont have to tell me that. My life speaks for itself. I have no one else. I have alienated everyone
I just wanted you to know how hurt I was by your actions so that maybe I could come to terms with my own mistakes. I understand alienating oneself.
Well im aware now. Im just not a super self aware person so you need to tell me these things
So i can improve
That's why I wanted to tell you, not to be angry or upset but so you understood what I was feeling and why
And I don't know what doctor to go see
Or what to do
But I'm bleeding
GO TO THE DOCTOR. GET ELECTROLYTE PANELS
HOLY GOD
That's serious....
Like
Calm down I'm trying to figure it out
The runs is one thing
I don't have diarrhea
I think the problem is
Okay I'm trying to figure this out by myself
But I may or may not be anally bleeding, its hard to tell because I had a colposcopy yesterday and am bleeding from that generally area, and I'm bloated
Okay thats definitely an explanation
But I do feel really warm, but that could be from so much stress
I don't know what to do.
Wait until later this evening and see if its improved?
That's tricky
It could be nothing
It could be something
Fuck I hate this so fucking much
I hate this cop-out
But have you tried web md
Or other websites
Yea somewhat. I mostly try to leave them alone.
I would
But in this case it may be useful
I already did reading.
I just don't know what if anything is wrong with me and everyone thinks I'm crazy and I'm so fucking stressed now
It sounds like it could be something
But if its gone tomorrow
I wouldn't worry
Are you in pain?
I didn't start feeling this bad until I vented to you
I have mild discomfort and warmness.
That could be anxiety
But you know that
That's why this is tricky
The question is will it persist independent of stress
Right.
I'm trying to just eat base foods
Yogurt
Milk
Thats good. If your bodys ph is too low that will do it. It could be anything
I know it could be
That's why I'm all fucked up about it
Jesus Christ this is horrible
Why do I keep doing stupid shit and hurting myself
Because I wish I could do what other people do
But I just can't
I understand. Not completely but i can empathize
I don't even know what is good to eat right now because everything has an effect
Yogurt is always a safe bet
Okay.
feeling any better?
Yea, I've just been eating yogurt and fruit, and trying to rest.  I had that colposcopy and healing has just knocked me out
That must have been it. Yikes
At least you know you aren't like deathly ill
Yea, I just stressed myself out for no reason. Its hard to keep focused sometimes.  How is stuff with isaac?
Do you know when your mom will have gecko money?
Sorry.  was in class. And yeah I know I do the same.
She should have it this weekend
She doesn't get paid until then
Okee dokee :)
I sent john an email a few days ago and have no gotten any response, my script is two days past refill due.  What would my next step be?
Wait. He gets 80 emails per day. He will get back to you
I know how many emails he gets, I need my script regardless of that though.
Then you should make regular appointments i suppose dude. I dunno what to tell you :/
Its fine, don't worry about it
have you thought about vet school? That would be interesting as shit
haha
Yes dude I'm seriously considering it haha
It would be so awesome
One of my advisors last year
Is a professor at the vet school here (we are the number two vet school in the country) and she is like a vet surgeon but also does research to cure cancer
haha
there's a shortage of exotic vets
though
at least in our area
Jesus haha, I want to do that! I'm supposing a biology bachelors would be a good first step?
that's the classic first step for med/vet/dental school
Then bam, consider it done
The doctor at the vet loved me
I was so happy to get invited back
that's fantastic!
:D
Ill be working overnights on weekends and holidays
I'm super pumped
that will look good on a resume also
I knooow, sooo much better than a desk job haha
https://www.yahoo.com/health/exploding-head-syndrome-the-weird-sleep-115029839587.html
Yes hahaha
I've sort of gotten over that
Ah haha i see
It's still frightening
I can't fight my fears, you have to accept them as your fears and they don't really "go away", they just don't bother you anymore
Exactly!
Its awesome :D haha
I've been reading this book
which book?
"Hardcore zen"
Hxc
Written by a punk rocker Buddhist
Haha
Yes
Rock yes
Josh sent it to me, of course
But its really good
Of course
HAHA
dude I miss you
Come back now
Thank you
I wish
Its going to be a while :(
Eye no
I MADE SALMON LAST NIGHT BTW
YUM
WAS IT GRATE
It was actually really good for what i paid for it
I'm glad!!
I've been cleaning for my mom
That sounds super duper
So I can have her galaxy s4 or s3 or something
I just need a better phone haha
Haha is yours finally giving out
No, it just doesn't have enough memory and doesn't take a card of any kind
And I need books and music on my phone
So I must upgrade
What if you plugged a usb cord into your brain and upgraded once per year
I would be hesitant
like...windows 8 is awesome. but windows 7 is a joke
You mean our microchips don't have auto update?
Not yet
I am joe's outdated cellphone
Hahaha
So I have this urge to go back to waverly hills
*turns into razr and flies away, flapping metalically*
Like as soon as I can
you do?
HAHA
Yes
where's that?
I neeeeed to go
Kentucky
Most haunted places in America, supposedly
I wanna go! But sadly I can't
Yeah I know! haha
I'm thinking about taking a 2 hour tour Friday
All the half night tours are booked
People are drawn to it like crazy
wow
yeah
I bet haha
I need to go somewhere haunted here to hold me over haha
Go to the carriage trail where the old sunrise mansion is
that's pretty haunted I hear
I like buildings more
Go to my house and open my sisters door. Demons will fly out and enter your throat.
Hahaha
Vape demons
vemons
venoms
venom
venom from spiderman
tendrils
Delicious w0rd s4l4d
nan
I saw......good god
Hahaha
That dude is sick in the head
Someone help him
I'm trying to get my diplo ticket, does your mom have that 80 dollars?
Yes
Okay, I'm on my way to Cincinnati now, I can get it from her tomorrow if she's not busy
Shell be there in the early afternoon
Okay, if I'm back by then I'll let you know. I should be.
Cool
CooOoOoOOOol
Hiya michael, I've gotta help my mom move all of her stuff today but after that I can meet your mom if she will be home, or she could drop the money off at mikes at any point while he's at work today
Her number is 3049326105
Fanks
Still no answer from her
THATS HER OLD NUMBER
Oops
I fog she got a new phone
Hold on
9321629
Thank you
Nothing from yer moms yet
Shes in indiana apparently
Lol okay
Do you know when she will be back?
Probably today
Could she text me when she is? I don't want to blow up her phone, I get off work at 8
Texted her again yesterday...I guess I'll just keep waiting
She said she'd get back to you today
It was johns birthday or something
Okay.
It would be cool if she could maybe communicate this to me, I know you'd rather not be the middle man
Yeah I know
I'm sorry
She's just a little peeved that you dropped off the lizard before she was able to pay you I think, because now she thinks you're mad because she hasn't paid yet
that's what I understand at least
How's the new job btw?
Well, that's not the case, so there's no reason for her to think that.  Also, she was supposedly able to pay the week i dropped it off, and I think its been three weeks.
And I weird lol
I'm doing mostly cleaning and observing
Ah I see
Saw a dog get its head sawed off
WHAT
FOR WHAT MEDI
WHAT
Yea, rabies test. It bit the owner and was going to die because it got hit by a car
OH okay
So they had to saw it off
It was crazy
that still is frightening
haha
Yea I walked in on it and I'm like WOAH
hahaha
gotdamn
Also, they took off another dogs leg
The first dog that came in was seizing
They had to put it down
jesus christ man
It was just gone
hahaha
Holidays are very busy for them
And Sundays
So I started on the busiest day
Basically
Yeah it sure does seem that way
haha
Its fun though, no lunch break because when there is a lull you can do what you want
Very relaxed personnel
oh that's good at least
Knowledgeable doctors
The worx
where is it located?
Across from custom classic tattoo in SC lol
I took my dog there once
on the way to my birthday party in third grade at the rec center my dad ran over my dog
lmfao
HAHA
oh no
Pay is not great but I don't care
Ah I see
Just need gas money to get there and back
That's about it
so mainly for the experience
Yep, I'd like to be an exotics vet
Dogs and cats are so messy and violent
Lizards are a cake walk
do they get any exotic animals?
No, because no one there can help them
So with me there they can start accepting a few things
Ah niceeee
Have you talked to anyone about your interest?
Yea, my dad and Mindy, they're excited for me, I think
Yeah sounds awesome
I'm pumped for it, just trying to get through the waiting period
Yeah def
any progress with your school stuff?
Took the act, I get scores tomorrow, going to get a degree in bio so my dad can hire me while I work towards a masters or something
Awesome!!!
So proud of you
for doin you
Thanks :) haha
I'm just waiting on my tax return so I have food money until I get further along with everything, but on the plus side I got a full cooking set for easter
#femaleballin
hahaha
I'm waiting on mine too
At this point I'm going to have to rely on it for a few months to live haha
I've been attempting to cook more
I've been having salmon and greens with vinaigrette
Good! I'm so glad :D
I went through all of the yogurt I bought in like two weeks haha
but this isn't without hiccups. I've definitely had pizza and wings
hahaha
I almost had pizza at work yesterday
But I stayed strong
#armystrong
And ate sprouts when I got home instead haha
#hunterarmystrong
HAHA
yws
That's me
Why have i never thought of this
hahaha
#backtat
GOD
HAHAHAHA
I'm so tired, was up till 5
wow
Gotta get up, eat, work out, go back to bed
i passed out at 8 apparently
haha
OMG my status from four years ago:
My sociology research project with hunter: The ratio of atheist drug users to drug users whose religious texts and guidelines prohibit drug use but claim to be devout.
Hahahaha
Yes dude
We were so ahead of our tine
I forgot we gave a shit about what christians did
hahahah
#storyofhighschool
we were funky taste makers
Well I've gotta go get ready for day stuff, please let your mom know that even if I were upset with her its not cool to withhold payment lol
I told her yesterday. I'm not gonna play the middleman as you said. She'll contact you today haha
but see ya later
Later
23 on my ACT \M/
Go you!!
25 on the science part :D
fuck yeah!!!
that's awesome
Yayyy! Didn't study even once haha
that's crazy
haha
And you qualify for this
hold on
https://secure.cfwv.com/Financial_Aid_Planning/Scholarships/Scholarships_and_Grants/West_Virginia_PROMISE.aspx
APPLY
it covers all your tuition
YES
I WILL
YAY
The promise scholarship
you've probably heard of it
So, I really don't want to even say anything at this point
But your mom has not responded to me
I'm sorry
Did I give you this number
just to make sure
3049321629?
Yep that's the one
Hm. I dunno. Go and retrieve the lizard then I suppose
I mean, I don't really want to do that? I don't understand what the problem is
I don't either
I told her to expect a text message from you
Maybe try calling?
Weird
I'll text once more?
Go for it
Text sent
 Peeno Noir  Caviar, Myanmar  Mid-sized car  You dont have to be popu-lar  Find out who your true friends are   Peeno Noir   In the boudoir   In the boudoir  It went to voice mail. Call it again. Call call it again.  Peeno Noir, smoke a cigar   Revenge can be spectacu-lar   Peeno Noir, Peeno Noir   Peeno Noir, Peeno Noir   Peeno Noir   Peeno Noir, leather bar   Oh, so close and yet so far   Peeno Noir, Peeno Noir   Peeno, Peeno, Peeno   Peeno Noir, youre a star   Listen to Tom Beren-gar   Peeno Noir, Roseanne Barr   Peeno   Noir   Au revoir 
SPIDERMANNNNN
hahahahahaha
smooth jazzercise coming at ya
exactly
HAHA
YER KILLING ME SMALLS
nan
tupac is alive
Oswald did not kill JFK :']
Get the hell out of me house in JESUS name I pray
Lolol
Lawdy day
Dude so, watch the babadook
so my futon broke, and isaac and I are taking turns sleeping on half of a metal frame. This sucks haha
Watch what?
I'll look it up
so its like
a psychological type movie
not like strictly horror
Its crazy, and yes
And I'm sorry about your futon
True college kid problems
seriously. The metal stripped apart and the screws flew out. haha
but yeah I'll add that to my list of films to watch
Lord Rothschild rigged the 2004 election.
get it
Come on
Because I dont
Hahaha
YES
OH MY GOD
HAHAHA
It's the one where bush one by a marginal amount because of a recount in florida
that guys is an investment banker
Monsanto invented cancer in 1948.
omg
isn't that a company that genetically modifies things
lololol
duh
like GMOs
Connect the dots
hahaha
Yes dude hahaha
Josh wanted me to pass those jokes to you
I VERY MUCH LIKED THEM
Glad you got a laff
Hahaha
I LOVE people who are super into conspiracy theories
I've got this book that like goes into all of them and refutes them
like everything from holocaust denial to 9.11
some of the claims people make are pretty good though lol
my favorite thing to say to ANYONE
is either
"bush did 9/11 :')" or "jet fuel cant melt steel beams"
it's a great ice breaker
if you want people to think you're interesting
nan
Omg i love him for this
Bilderberg.
Basically illuminati but real ISH
I miss you so much
I was depressed today
I dont know what to do without you
I was too
but then I got high
haha
*laughs*
Yes
Only 1.5 more weeks
HA
and then we are reunited
I know!!!
:D
I have books to recommend to josh if he actually is entertained by these weird claims btw
He really really is
Hahaha
he would enjoy "psuedoscience and extraordinary claims of the paranormal"
pino nior, and ode to black penis
I also would like to read that book
I like to prove myself wrong
Haha
It's SO interesting. It's like presenting all of the evidence for things, and then  tearing them apart, basically leaving it up to you if the evidence is convincing enough to believe
for me it's usually not
but still it's cool
I like that approach
Decide for yourself
Here are facts
The only one that's biased is the holocaust denial. He obviously hates those people
lol
HAHA
how do people deny that
Really
They say like
"Lots of jews died, but due to disease and stuff in *humane* camps. there was NO ACTUAL FINAL SOLUTION"
like they don't think the gas chambers were gas chambers
hahaha
Starving is totally a disease
Duh
That's crazy
I LOVE this nitchze quote so much
omg
"Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you"
Oh man
That's some real talk
Haha
Hashbrown real talk
When you are back in town
We have to go exploring somewhere
We should break into this abandoned industrial plant in nitro
We should!!!
Its the best stealth mission
My favorite thing to do on a good night, full moon
Its SO creepy
Shayn and I dress in all black and go through the whole thing, climb the towers, etc
that sounds awesome
Yes I'm so excited for this
Haha
I am drapes
cogito ergo sum
Dont be drapes
Be the window
#woah
I choose to be sand
in between all of the worlds toes
Hahahaha
#feet and #vapes
Jesus god hahaha
I want to start vaping for the novelty of it. Not because I legitimately want to, but because I live my life through some kind of ironic matrix
HAHA SOMEONE UNDERSTANDS
Be the joke
Live the joke
EXACTLY
BE THE JOKE BEFORE THE JOKE BE YOU
"I simply am not there"
American psycho is my love
And my life
that quote is eerie
My shriek, if you will
hahahahaha
I understand him to some extent
Shrek but shriek is funnier
my whole life is imagining killing everyone around me
my therapist is still trying to figure out why
I dont imagine killing people but I do deliberately choose my personality
*LOL NICE TRY*
Hahaha
The other day
Er, night
Josh asked me if I wanted to watch tv
mmmkk haha
And I took a good 10 seconds of obvious calculated thought before saying yes, like it was a revelation
And he's like...why did that take so long
because I am calculating
I am controlling you
HAHAHA
DUH
I realized that it is not normal to do that
And I question my sanity a little
I question my sanity every time I'm asked a philosophical question. I experience a high degree of cognitive dissonance just because I believe certain things, but my "id" wants the opposite
like I'm against the death penalty but I want to kill everyone
Hahahaha
Dude the lizard brain is so crazy
It almost caused me death the other night
I wonder what would happen if we just lived acording to our id and ego, completely ignoring the conscious mind
DEATH?
Well, I was severely dehydrated at work
Had to leave, thought maybe I was tired
My brain was on lizard functions to I was just like "leave. Get home. Sleep."
It wasn't until I wrote a letter good bye to everyone I love that I started drinking a bottle of water
And regained thoughts
But when you're rhat dehydrated you can't figure out what to do about it
So I assumed I needed sleep
hahaha
that's interesting
Yea once that high level thinking is compromised, you can get fucked up
I just try to operate in lizard mode a lot
Haha
people who live deliberately do
like just acting
doing
without regard for the relationship between subjects and objects, because it is only them
I almost admire that
I do actually
I do that when I've reached total mindfulness
Acting on instinct
Because hesitation is death
Ifbyou can align your awareness to the literal present moment
You can be very precise in your actions
I'm too much of a nihilist for that kind of precision
nothing matters. nothing is real.
I know, but its so much more fun if you can embrace that and then play with reality because it doesn't matter, life is a video game
Video games dont matter but people like them because it gives them something to do
life isn't a video game.
riddle me this
this is a tough one
If there are two possible outcomes to a situation, one or the other must happen. For example, if I was to kill a man tomorrow, i either will or won't kill him. Only ONE can be necessarily true. Only one. One will happen. I will or won't kill someone. Therefore, there is nothing I can do to change that outcome. One is definitely going to happen. Fate is fixed. Life is determined.
That riddle has caused me to rethink my life
I believe there is a reality for every possibility in ones life
In our fixed reality, yes youre right
But somewhere else, the circumstances could be different
You might not even exist in it
you're talking about the multiverse theory
basically
which I agree with
Yes
but I'm talking only of this life
Hahahahs
how far down the rabbit hole are you willing to go mikel
Thats the real question
Hahahaha
My idea is
The more I read the further down the hole I get dude
hahaha
We switch through the multiverses
With each second of time
We are continually shifting
that's a new one
hm
I say this only because I believe I have seen it many a time
so that CREATES possibility
like
And I dont have hallucinations
youre saying
the fixed reality we live in is negated by the constant intersection of multiverse, which provides the possibility for variable outcomes, ie anything can happen and there is no basis for saying one think CANT happen because there are infinite possibilities
Precisely
Like
The brain is obvi a pc
So
I like to compare the body and spirit to a car
The transmission being the transdimensional-dealing part of the brain
When you're driving in automatic, the transmission is always shifting, so the gears dont register as switching
You just go from one to another
We do the same thing in space time
I'd like to write a book of your ideas called "First meditation on metaphysics and genealogy"
seriously
lol
Would you????
I've thought about this before
yes I would
That would be the greatest thing you could ever do for me
I'd love to translate what you're saying into philosophical dialectic
PLEASE DO
Make notes of what I say and then put them into detail that makes technical sense
We can do that this summer
We should open up
like
yes
a google doc
and you should put ideas you have down
for me to see
This only works if im having having open discussion with you
Oh my god
When we talk is when I think of these thin
Things
Interview me
Hahaha
I'm literally plato. Socrates never wrote anything down. Plato wrote every one of his ideas down by way of dialogues
I WILL
I'll ask you specific questions related to philosophical problems
Yes omg
Yes
And ill answer the best I can
This could be an entire volume
I mean I already have a working title
hahaha
Yes dude yes
This is your thesis for something
Hahaha
HAHA
right
So maybe once a day or so, present me with a debatable idea
And we will just talk it out
You're primary ideas are related to metaphysics and epistemology, or the study of what is and how to come to know things. Which is the most interesting part of philosphy. I can even tell you when you're drawing from other philosophers inadvertently and cite it to make it more legit
and yeah just every few days
I'll just ask you a very serious question concerning a problem in philosophy
You're the best ever
This will be fun
I know I'm so amped up about this
I was trying to think of a project for this summer
Whoop there it is
This is something we could publish
Dude we have to.
Like if we calloborate this summer
And i give you what other thinkers say about this stuff
This is our baby.
And you critique it
That's philosophical analysis
Haha amazing
I could throw in my two cents also
How am I even supposed to sleep now.
It could be like a dual thing
It'll be like Andy Warhol book
When i go inside I'm gonna ask you something
From a to b and bavk again
That's the same we up
Literally just a dialogue
With one person presenting the topics
We literally engage in socratic dialogues
you should read like book two or three of the republic
Its hard for me to read those because I feel like its just telling me what I already have figured out
But it's important to read it. It's validating to know someone has thrown your ideas out in a cohesive way, and like thinking about what you don't like and how you'd say it differently
i just opened a doc called "hunters idas"
Yesss
That car one was great haha
And the multiverses constantly shifting
okay so here's a problem
You have a heap of sand, from which grains are individually removed. Under the assumption that removing a single grain does not turn a heap into a non-heap, the paradox is to consider what happens when the process is repeated enough times: is a single remaining grain still a heap?
What do you say? is a single grain of sand still a heap of sand?
Is a single straw of hay still a bail?
If the sand or hay was originally presented in the form of a heap or a bail, it continues to be that because it was a part of the whole object identified as the heap or bail.  The identity of the grain remains associated with its past form because the identity was set on when you called it a heap.
But things are not always just one thing.
It would then be a heap and a grain.
Where as a grain presented as a grain cannot be a heap, it has always been a single grain to the observer.
So would you say Knowledge is top down or bottom up? does it come from knowing universals and at some point going "AHA I RECOGNIZE THIS" or is knowledge from observing and perceiving?
Do we know everything at birth or do we know nothing?
How do we come to know things?
I believe knowledge is inherently a part of everything because to be everything is to know everything, and all matter is connected.  When we "learn" something that has been previously known as true, we are simply remembering the way things are.  That's why when you learn an entire idea, you often think 'that makes sense', because it has always made sense, and you just came to remember that it makes sense.
That's VERY plato
nice
to digress for a moment
He has this idea of "forms" and we know them from the time we are born. Particulars, or objects as he calls them just participate in the forms. Ex: Pam is pretty. She is participating in the form "pretty." This makes sense because we have always known what pretty is and she fits into it neatly
There is like this higher plane of knowledge in play
like universal knowledge
Youve told me about this
OH
okay
neat
okay
And yes universal knowledge
so let's see...
Do we have free will?
I believe that we do. We have the ability to choose how both perceive things and react to the things we percieve.  We can see or do whatever we want.  It may not make sense in the "group" reality levels, which is what I like to call the chunk of planes of existence in which the majority of observers exist.  You cam battle a flying dragon in another reality but because no one else is observing thay reality, you are the outlier and thus perceived as "crazy", but if another person allowed your beliefs to penetrate there's in a full way, you could both battle the dragon.
Now in this sense, I'm not sure if the dragon would be a true reality in that plane or if the dragon would be a hallucination combined with delusion in our current reality. That's the conundrum.
gotcha
now
here's the fun problem. Logical fatalism
I'll give you an example again so you can formulate you answer again about the interesting universes.
Haha okau
Okay
Either you will drink a root beer tomorrow, or you will not (from the law of excluded middle);
If you will drink a root beer tomorrow, then nothing you do will prevent yourself from gulping one down (from the law of noncontradiction);
If you will not drink a root beer tomorrow, than all attempts to drink one will be ineffective (from the law of noncontradiction again);
In either case of whether or not you will drink a root beer tomorrow, you do not have control (follows from 2 and 3);
Conclusion: You are thus not free to choose in this situation (from 1 and 4).
How can we account for change and choice if everything necessarily will or won't happen?
Iis everything fixed?
It is not fixed.  This is where positive and negative energy come into play a bit more.  When I am following "right action", the rootbeer will or will not be consumed and it won't matter because you dont ponder things like not getting a soda when you're in the best mind state. However, lets say I'm not supposed to drink the soda.  Ill use a real life example here. I had a gram of heroin once.  Everything I did to get that bag made my life harder and harder,  the universe did not want me to have that bag. With each action towards the bag, something "bad" was inflicted on my current situation, until finally I got the bag...and then driving home I hit a deer and did substantial damage to my car.  The day after, when the dope had been consumer, I went into immediate heavy dope sickness.  I chose to do the wrong thing for physical pleasure and in my "good" universe, it would not have happened. I had to delve deeper into shittier planes to get the dope, and it took me days to work through the chain of bad events that caused, and then I was returned to a good level place to stop dealing with the consequences of that particular chain of decisions.
Is there a good and is there an evil?
Also I'd like you to talk more about what you just said. Like minus the example
the example is good
I just need more
It is totally relative.  Good for me is terrible for some other life form.  Yes, I got over the cold, but I also killed the life forms that caused my cold,  which is unfortunate for their cause.
But with the thing before
Logical fatalism
Since every possibility exists in space time,  nothing is pre destined unless you perform an action or make a choice that sets that outcome in stone.  But even then I believe you can change the outcome. I think in that case, the seemingly unrealistic change in outcomes would be what some refer to as a "miracle", and we all know there are no miracles,  just really strong will power used in the right way at the right moment
Im in my bed messaging you right now, but in another reality i could be dancing or something haha
Which brings me to my biggest question that i have not been able to figure out
Could I be buried 6 feet under in another dimension?  Were my near death experience "near" death, or were they death?
Alright
Got it
now
here's the question of the year
is there a divide between mind and brain/body?
I'm getting a good outline here
Now this I can talk on haha
So the physical(brain) and spiritual(mind) bodies are connected at birth.  As we allow the world to wear on us and we make decisions, the two become somewhat separated.  We start doing things because the body wants it, and we damage the mind, and vice versa.   When a person is able to disassociate through drugs or traumatic events, heavy meditation, etc, it sort of peels the mind and body apart so you can examine, like opening the hood on a car, what happens to the body if the mind does this, or what happens to the mind if the body experiences this.  From there, often you cannot "balance" or "undisassociate" very well unless you listen to what harmonizes with both the mind and the body.  It will eventually become one again, but it takes a very long time if you are still eating taco bell and smoking cigarettes.   I believe dissociation is the mind leaving the body as self preservation. When the body is in good shape again, the mind will return.
nan
Haha
gotcha
as I think of more issues I'll let you know
I've got this kind of outline sheet going
It's going to require a lot more work but it's a good good start
That was so much fun haha
Once i have this book
I can explain my crazy ideas in more conventional ways
Thanks to yoy
You
I need to sleep though
Homie
Sleep time luh you nite mom
So I'm reading brave new world
Because josh was appalled that I had not and got it for me
And its definitely interesting
that's a weird book
I've never read it
I felt so dumb today
We spent a couple of hours in different book stores
And i knew NOTHING
well
read more!!
he was picking up book after book and explaining the entire plot
"What the hell do they even teach in school? Im surprised you have gotten the english language down"
Fuuuuck
I am officially reading more
Hahaha
I need help though
I am becoming more and more wanting of something I shouldnt have and will never have anyways
Im fixating
But I keep getting more and more of it, however I can never have all of it
And all of it isn't enough anyway
What is it?
A 37 year old man who is fixated on a woman who doesn't want him.
Why can't I find someone else
Anyone else
:(
Here is the conundrum
If the involvement were romantic the feelings shared would be more superficial
Right now,  there is a lot there, he feels almost responsible for my safety and development as a person
But I ALREADY HAVE A DAD
God damming
Dammit
Haha
Dying
Hahahaha
God dude
It is hilarious but
I meann I guess this is the way I like it
If I had what I wanted I would get bored with it
If I cant have it, I still get enjoyment out of the idea and pursuit of it
You would honestly
Get bored
Haha
I know dude
But like
He is a teacher
Thats all I need from him
And he buys me things
And I have no commitment
Its actually great what am I talking about
It sounds IDEAL
No expectation
Hahaha yea
Buy me food and clothes
Ans thrn leave me alone
Im drinking chocolate sunday rum and omg
Omg
Mmmm chocolate
I have been getting so high recently that i forgot about the drink
*the drink*
Good
Keep smoking
I still get antsy when i get really high tho
Like it feels like i might have a panic attack but i dont im just so stoned
I know the feel
Smoke past it
Haha
I do hahaha
Listening to beck and driving
Also you need to watch yhe babadook
I will get to it
Isaac just hates horror movies so its a struggle here
I do too but its greay
Ill try and see it before i get back
Or watch it with me
Haha
MICHAEL MY WATERS BREAKING
WHAT DO YOU DO
Lolol
Driving
Sry
Be care ful
oh yeah the afterbirth floats
sounds like the tide at omaha beach
Jesus hahaha
I have a meeting with my psychoanalyst tomorrow. I anticipate these meetings now
I enoy them
Im so jealous
He told me
that my dream of killing four strangers
meant
that there were four parts of myself, that I was ready to purge
I was like #whoa #what
Hahaha dude that insane
purge away
Question
Okay
Do you or have you engaged in sexual acts that were literally the worst thing ever to make yourself accepted by the object of your desire
Or is there somethinf wrong with me
Maybe to an extent
Ive engaged in acts i worhte4wise wouldnt have
But ended up being glad with my choice
i guess like
i dont know, just some crazy shit went on tonight
and
i felt surprisingly rejected for a minute because i almost passed out from pain and needed a minute
and he was just like, well you can just go home
and i sat there stunned for a good 10 minutes
finally i was like, are you serious?
and he says something about not wanting to harm me, in a passive way being a dick because my pain was a representation of his rejection
and then i sat there a minute
and then he's like, come watch this video on reddit
and normalcy resumed
i just did not know what to do
i still dont
i have no one to talk to about this to
and its the only area of my life that i am frustrated with currently
besides my housing
I got 900 dollars back in taxes and its already all gone
Sadness ensues
I did the same thing
What is life
Also I'm still on this thing about why no one wants to commit to me
Same thing with martin as with josh
Im fun but, not relationship material
Why is that
In orchestra well talk l8r
Okay string theory
Heyheyhey
Drink water every day
Good advice
I fasted today
And I feel LIKE A GOD
NO BLAST
GO
BUDWEISER
KING OF BEERS
hay hayyy
hay
hows it going
friend
good
I have the apt to myself and I'm belting usher and mcr
I've read half a book
so good
how're you
hahaha
that sounds like a truly wonderful day
im finishing tax stuff, taking care of bills, reserved my interpol hotel, etc
drinking bulletproof coffee and inducing ketosis
SO GREAT
JUST PEACHY
peaches just reminds me of that song about sex
or
peaches and cream by beck
i hate that one song though
the one about intercourse
*blech*
get out
jeff goldblum
hahahahaha
MARRY ME JEFF
FAX
SEND A FAX
"no"
https://portland.craigslist.org/mlt/roo/4986123474.html
MY CALLING
oh my god that's heavenly
I KNOOOOOW
i would go if i werent about to go to school
im definitely going to move out there at some point
I'm moving to colorado at some point
colorado is great but washington is even more secluded
i want to become the forest
dammit i want to live there so badly
haha
I want to be surrounded by mountains and woods
but not actually live in them
I just want to be ABLE to go into them
i just want a degree so i can move anywhere i want and get a nice job and a nice one bedroom apartment
and live comfortably
You are like inside my head
here's my one reservation
If i meet a nice guy, and want to have a family, my life of living simply changes
"my life of living"
I want a house, disposable incomes, to provide for children, pay for ther educations
living simply
yes i understand what youre saying
and i know how that is
but for me, i dont foresee finding anyone like that
because ive made it impossible for myself to like anyone
or, love anyone, rather
I always need some sort of partner
it's just in my nature
i do too
thats the problem
haha
what a conundrum
i know
but i think being independent will pay off
not that i can say im independent right now
im living purely off of friends and family
although if worse came to worse i have woods to live in, and my own car
so thats something i guess
you
are like a Transcendentalist
what do you mean?
haha
it's all about
it's a philosophy based on self reliance
living in the woods and stuff
living "deliberately"
ah okay, just making sure i am fed basically
and everything else is gravy
gravy
ive been doing this thing where i mainly just drink coffee with butter and coconut oil in it, take supplements, drink water
eat like 2 meals a day
hm
and im losing weight like fucking crazy
and building muscle
interesting
its incredible
going to the doctor monday to make sure im healthy though
because i should
yeah that's a safe bet
better safe than sorry
probably good though
apparently eating fat increases insulin resistance in a non-damaging way, so you dont need sugar to keep your blood glucose up, and your body burns your fat
I got a haircut today and the guy and the guy cut out the blonde you put in
this must be corrected
really?
I didn't know this
i will correct it
with these hands
and are you being sarcastic
i feel like you would know that
haha
I mean
I knew monosaturated fatty acids did
not sure about transfats
fuck transfat
haha
wanna know something funny
wanna know what the difference between transfat and the rest of fats is
yes
haha
most fats exist naturally in a cis conformation but food companies chemically alter this
haha
thats what i assumed
FIGHT THE STATE
STOP BUYING TACOS
HAHA
STOP BUYING TACOS
hahaha
what date will you be arriving here
we must go to black sheep
like the 6th
dammit haha
?
i go to interpol on the 7th
damn it
but the night of the 6ht maybe we could do something
*6th
definitely
ive got so little on my plate
its like im life fasting
"life fasting"
nice
hahahaha
weve gotta work on this book when you come in
pleasepleaseplease
definitely
I'm especially interested in your solution to logical fatalism
that is a book in itself
that's one of the issues that no one has ever been able to solve
like
"is god real"
DO WE HAVE FREE WILL
those are my favorite things to talk about haha
maybe we do if there are intersecting multiverses
there totally are
it's a probability problem
jus sayin
like
like, think about this
with two options the odds are 50 50
with four multiverses the odds are 25%
I KNEW NOTHING ABOUT ANY OF THIS WHEN I EXPERIENCED IT AND NOW YOURE SAYING PEOPLE HAVE THEORIZED WHAT I SAW
with 8 it's 12.5%
yes
people have theorized all of this
the multiverse is a huge source of philosophical debate
i was sitting on this couch
so is the separation of the conscious mind from the body
on MASSIVE amount of ketamine and acid
and
i was using my conscious mind to switch through multiverses
one second everything was a bit negative, a little morose
now the idea of a multiverse
"fuck this, going to a better place"
is it's an identical universe
with just different outcomes
yes
but i believe the outcomes are "better" or "worse"
like, in a lower energy multiverse, when i got tired, everyone around me was super dumb
and boring
when i was able to get to a very high one, the lighting in the room was more pleasant, the people were more attentive and social
just a better set up for better events
it's like aristotles theory of the means
we literally live in the means
the virtuous life is said to be the mean of two extremes, excess and deficiency
by what you're saying
we lie in the middle
of two extremes
yes absolutely
i have been to both places, although i believe both extremes end in a loss of consciousness
i have never lost consciousness from going to high
i have from going too low
the issue with that
isn't necessarily a loss of consciousness. It's your brain stem disconnects chemicaaly from the rest of your body so your conscious mind is operating completely independently. No sensory input. So you would feel "dead." Perception and sensation is what defines humanness
that makes so much sense
and thats why i believe that when you lose consciousness
your mind "dies", but not your body
yeah exactly
and you wake up in a different universe with a different outcome
that's what happens when you k hole
like, if i got in a car wreck and died
brain stem disconnection
i bet i would wake up alive somewhere
Oh so you believe in reincarnation
interesting
yes absolutely
I don't discount it
i think that we reincarnate as ourselves until our physical body is no longer fit to carry the mind
then we are actually reborn
i believe that we are born down the line of our families
Based on the laws of thermodynamics, energy cannot be created or destroyed. If the conscious mind is energy it can be destroyed. But where does the energy go? in chemistry and physics it's transferred. So why wouldn't it be in this scenario?
genetic spirituality
cant be*
exactly what ive been saying
we just come back every time
or we've never left
what is has always been
yes
we are just limited by our physical body to perceive that
that's why we wouldn't remember a "past life"
exactly
now, i feel like energetically we "remember"
they say a philosopher is only free when they're dead
because the body is so limiting
if you were a good perosn in your last life, you have a great chance at being good in the next
now, you can always be shitty again
but if you have learned to be good in a former life
you are capable of it in the next
i dont think that goodness ever leaves each soul
like, if i murdered someone, i would not forget that murder is wrong
whereas, someone who has never found peace
would probably not care
morality is based on habit
yes
goodness is habituated
it is learned
i believe so
every time i think something is wrong with me, i try to fix it
and while im doing so, i think
if i die, everything will still be okay
my mental reasoning is
"everything is always okay.  and even if it is not, it still is"
Everything you say to me
is so similar to isaac. I think that's why I'm drawn to him
it may be freudian
haha
yes
but your ideologies are like identical
literally
identical
thats wonderful
i think josh and you share a lot of reaosning and beliefs
reasoning
actually, all of them
literally
damn
hahaha
I'd like to have a conversation with him
but I'd like it to be of something he chooses
something he knows
we're going to do that
dud ehe knows so much
it blows my mind
he was telling me about universal expansion the other day
and i didnt even know what to say
he just kept going on
i just had to be like, thank you teacher
for the lesson
hahaha
"well what do you think i just talk to hear myself speak?"
baha
we need to all sit arond and argue
*around
its like my favorite thing to do
gotta shower and get ready for work
we outchea
l8r sk8r
hey
hai friend
hows it going
purty good
not doing too much
dropping acid tomorrow i tihnk
should be fun
that'll be neato
i hope so
i dont really have aplace to do it
where are you gonna do it
im going to try to see if martin will babysit me like last time
i dont "need" him but
he helps
hmm I see
buying the ticket
#takingtheride
-hunter m. armstead
A. Michael Terranova
dont you get the joke
pls
it's from that one movie
that I don't remember
right
jesus
hahaha
HE WAS A WRITER
HUNTER S THOMSPON
FEAR AND LOATHING
which i havent read
OH BUT YOULL REAPPROPRIATE IT TO MAKE A JOKE YOU LITERARY CROOK
jk
i haven't read it obvi
HAHAHA
YES
I FUCKING WILL
DICK
Do you ever feel
like a plastic bag
only on days that end with "y"
-zac myers
HAHAHAHA
zing
there it is
zing
brought it full circle
doing it right
"dancedancedance"
hahaha
i might need you to remotely help me with my trip tomrrow
maybe
as long as you do it before 4 pm
I can do that
itll be right after 4 pm haha
docs appmnt
you know
damn it haha
i see
my pre-acid chek up
HAHA
drugs physical
like sports physical
hahahahaha
exercising the mind
why go to the gy,
gym
when there is
the forest
so I'm working on this philosophy paper
on whether or not "universals" exist
like if we can categorize things that broadly
and i'm out here struggling
haha
damn
that does sound a it
"abstract"
trying to convince josh to drop acid with me
I argued that absolute universals exist only when objects are relative to one another. Like you can't say that cookies are universally sweet, but you can say that there are universally sweet cookies because not all cookies are sweet. It's all based on perception and the formation of memories
I bet he won't
haha
hijinx ensue
he almost did once
i swear to god
interesting
im about to get him to
yesss
hahahaha
so
im working 8-8 on sundays now
its exhausting
but i needs the money
moneys
so tell me
am i right to be offended by this transwoman talking
https://41.media.tumblr.com/0223d77c90765ca6a6a599c18516e926/tumblr_nnac57B1xQ1qd3t8wo1_500.jpg
about how she is the perfect woman
yes
that's internalized oppression though
that kind of talk
it makes me sort of upset
like, fuck you bitch
like the reasons why she is the "perfect woman" are socially constructed from patriarchal ideals and that's clearly been internalized
some people don't even realize that they're saying problematic things
it's like inside of us all
haha
i love you for saying that
thank you
: }
youre seriously like
my thought translator
haha
I sometimes am
hahaha
youre like
"ohhh, you mean THIS (insert commonly accepted explanation for hunter's delusions)
HAHAHAHA
It's like you have all of these abstract ideas, that because of our relationship I understand, and because of my love of reading and education, I can formulate them
OMG
you're like mozart
and I'm like salieri
hahahahaha
have you ever seen amadeus
hahahaha
no
everyone asks me that
HAHAHA
i feel like i should watch it
you should
WHY THE BIG LAFFS TOUGH GUY
I am legend
u peasant
bow down
jk
lylas
I am jacks wasted life
I am the dog from i am legend
i am jacks smirking revenge
hahaha
i am jacks cold sweat
fight club
c-lassic
did you finally watch that or something
seriously one of my fav books
ahahahaha
"2000's columbine kid jikes"
I read it finally a few months ago
HA
im so glad
now you get it
YOU GET IT
I'm Jack's Colon. I'm Jack's Inflamed Sense of rejection.
I love how that came from a fucking medical pamphlet haha
I was always like WTF are people REFERENCING
HAHAHA
you missed out on a whole era of pop culture
the tyler durden era
obvi
I DID
that was like a thing
I predicted that tyler durden wasn't real like 40 pages in. I was like OH NO THIS IS DISSOCIATIVE IDENTITY DISORDER
HAHAHA
LIKE CLASSIC CASE STUDY
PSYCH STUDENTS CANNOT READ FIGHT CLUB
oh god no
THE FUN IS OVER 2 PAGES IN
I still enjoyed it
but at the same time
it's easy to figure out
the writing is SUPERB though.
its SO GREAT
CHUCK IS MY HERO
HE IS GAY BUT
I WOULD MARRY HIM
LMFAO
AND MAKE LOVE TO HIS WORDSA
wordsa
words-a
cactus
im getting frustrated
because
josh "cannot afford to be out of control for any amount of time"
so he wont do drugs
and i need him to
oh my god
for my own enjoyment
that's the lamest argument ive ever heard
HAHA I KNOW
if anything you're more in control
he is afraid something bad would happen
i can empathize
but the thing is
if it is bad
it ends eventually
there's an end to the badness
drugs don't stay in your system indefinitely haha
i just talked him into a "im considering it"
YESYESYES
NICE
dude that would be the funnest shit of my entire life
acid is the best thing ever anyways
im selling him on the zen aspect
im weaseling so hard
hahaha
that would be interesting
heres the downside
he COULD actually go full blown crazy like i did
and i would be responsible for the repairing
he could lose his job
which he hates anyways
hahaha
so win win
there ya go
yes
heres the issue
its on candy
and josh and i both cant eat it
corn syrup is worse than acid
#sorrynotsorry
corn syrup is an acid
lol
good call
its an EVIL ACID
evil acid
YES
evil
dude
this pollen
IS KILLING ME
me fucking too
It's misery
IM SO ITCHY
FUCK
CHRIST
and my eyes
it's like there's sand in them
HAHAHA
THE FEELS
I SHARE THEM
there's somethng about salad fingers and sand
idk what
but there is
my ankles itch
and i cant do anything about it
i know what you mean
like
skin
wrud
Wrud skn
so i tried to watch skins
hahaha
and?
and i just found myself wanting to have sex with the protagonist
skins uk?
but that's all
yes
dude yes
tony is
mmmmm
great
i was in love with chris
the guy who is like shayn
isaac thinks the awkward dorky dude is more attractive
and does all of the drugs
and dances
i dont remember the names
and good with the ladies
youre talking about syd
it isn't a bad show
haha
YEA
hes also cute
i love all of those characters
especially effie
the crazy blonde on drugs
no what
thats cassie
effie is tonys sister
I don't remember shit
I watched like half a season
i watched the all
them
and I'll i could think about was fucking tony
hahahahaha
until those characters moved on and the 3rd season came out
then i was like no
youre not my mom
leave me alone
oh yeah aren't there like multiple series
yes
haha
so
im hatching an evil plan now
josh has agreed
and
oh no
he IS going to go crazy
because
he represses so much
and has so much pain inside
and the only way he has back to sanity
is me
WHOS THE BITCH NOW
jesus
this is a little fucked up
jesus is not the bitch
he is my lord & savior
hahaha
yes
amen
Together we vape through the morning mass, chugging mountain dew and tipping our fedoras to the patron saint of tacos
jesus and i
im sorry but no
fedora
fedora
fedora tacos
meat filled brim
bedazzled with sparkling diced tomatoes
oh my fucking god
glistening
meat filled brim
I can't breathe
hahahahaha
yes
screaming SCREAMING
"critical hit"
OMFG
youre dead now bai
man who is crying
#LMFAO DEAD
i am a white girl
#LMFAO #DEAD #SO DONE
why do people talk like this
haha
#cantevenfrapperightnow
i do for irony's sake
me to dude
like
can't even
how do people do it seriously
IDIOTS
idiot. idiot. idiot. idiot.
id10t
I'm watching the office
with evan peters
YES
where he gets spanked by michael
YESYESYESYESYES
YES
SPANK EEM
HARDER
What if the band hanson had open auditions? Wht if no one named hanson showed up?
hahahahah
like omg michael scott logic
hahaha
ive been watching so much of the office
it is THE BEST SHOW
EVER MADE
It really is
YOU TOOK ME BY THE HAND
MADE ME A MAN
THAT ONE NIGHT
(one night)
YOU MADE EVERYTHING ALRIGHT
jan thinks hunters very talented
HAHA
OH GOD
jan
what a TRIP
she is literally my faovirte chartacter
her development into complete insanity
I LOVE CRAZY
I DO TOO DUDE
ITS A SLIPPERY SLOPE
HAHA
oh no
he's spanking
YOU ARE GOING TO LEARN TO BE MORE PROFESSIONAL LUKE
do you ever get so tired
you dont think you are going to wake up
hahahaha
YES
haha
you're like
oh no
this is the big one
the coma
see u in 20
YEARS
HAHAHAHA
YES
HAHAHAHAHA
THE COMA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
big daddy
as i like to call it
I am always afraid of going into a coma
seriously
IM DYING
CANT BREATHE
HELP
SO AM I
HAHAHAHAHAHA
SOMETIMES I THINK
"well brain waves send people into comas"
"i bet i could meditate into a coma"
"OH NO ITS HAPPENING"
"CONTROL YOUR HTOUGHTS"
"YOU IDIOT":
wanna know my worst fear but at the same time biggest aspiration
spoiler: it's a medical condition
HAHAHAHA
YES
I am constantly afraid that I have dissociative identity disorder, and that I'm in a dissociative fugue. I think that one day I will wake up remembering NOTHING of the past year, and not knowing my environment or anyone in it. The worst possible thing that could happen to me, but it would give me the oppourtunity to forget pain ive experienced and start fresh
so, a year long acid trip
precisely
been there and done that, sort of
but I'm talking no memories
like, og this is a nice situation
OMG I WAS TRIPPING
THAT WORLD JUST ENDED
IM IN A NEW WORLD
no memories, huh
like nothing in the past year would register
U R MIKEL
DUNT U REMBR
I am Alan. Alan Terranova.
HAHAHAHA
YES
BEGIN LIFE ANEW
i was probed, by an alien life force, an alf
AS ALAN
I am alan
I am reborn
do you ever look at photos of yourself like
who is that creature
thats not me
YES
the concept of a photo is so weird btw
they frighten me a lil bit
like a still image in time that represents what you look like
HAHA
MY SOUL
they are HORRIFYING
I was saying something
lost it
mid type
i see photos of myself and im like
wow, what an ugly being
that doesnt look like me
RIGHT
like
i could never look like that
that can't be me
i know what i look like
and it's not that
that begs the question
Is there some degree of inaccuracy in still images? are they REALLY portraying us as we are?
or does everyone just think they're hotter than they really are
i like the first idea
Hahaha camera angles and lighting
selfie stick
lets travel to the pacific isles and start a clan of some sort like on lost but like do it right and have everyone be self sufficient
"like on lost but lets do it right"
hahahahahaha
also
when someone claims to find you attractive
is it easier to believe they are crazy than to believe you are attractive
YES IT IS
IT SO IS
i still have a lot of unresolved issues with my appearance
so thats my path of thought
Michael
I gor acid on my fingers
Im cooking vegetables at this hour
And cannot sleep
Evil acid
nan
Accurate
HAHAHAHAHA
hahahahah
So I finally watched blue is the warmest color
Is it?
Its three hours long and I almost cried
But josh was there trying not to cry
So I refrained
Hahah of course he was
Lolol
But dude that movie
Is SO good
A
Hey
Im doing mushrooms
Its super great
Haha
haha nice
What's up with you?
studying and just sitting around
Thinking about all of the people that watch entourage and why they do that
you know
the usual
Hahahaha
today
Im sorry martin is talking the shit out of me
i went to like
a place where students congregate to eat
and i sat next to this kid
who wouldn't shut up about entourage
and it's been eating away at me
he kept talking about watching it
wishing he was in the show
like
then he was talking about getting boards and pipes
to make some machine
and i am still pondering that
I'm so confused
I don't understand people my age
hen
hen
Hahahaha
I love you
<3
hen taste
"People my age"
What?
Sentient beans
Hahahaha
I just lost it I over that status
What status
OH
Ding dong
Hahahahahaha
Yes
Also
Mushrooms are better than acid
Hands down
All of the time
Ive heard that many times haha
Many think that
I want to eat them all of the time
I want to eat potato all time
I love potato
nan
Im watching Dwight walk across hot coals
Im watching
The party are robert California's home
Really haha
Such a good episode
I am Baucus god of wine
With ammunition like this we are in for quite a night
haha
And gabey makes 3
Hahahaha
Gabey
Gay b
YayyyyyPAM
hm
Hurry up and come home
Im lost without you
soon
IM ALL OUT OF LOVE
*cries*
Hahaha
I saw your mom and Matt the other dayn
She gave me a look like she didnt know who i was or didnt approve of my car passenger
Where?
On your street
That make sense
haha
Im afraid that she doesn't like me
Why is that? haha
Because of the look she gave me
It was like
Super underwhelmed
Oh no haha
like
the opposite of excited to see you?
is that what you mean?
Yes hahaha
I had Josh in the car
that's probably why.
lol
So I dont know if that's the problem
that probably is
Gah
haha
it wasn't you
People and their hang ups
Hahahaha
Well
Does she know anything about that situation?
Or was it totally unknown for her
she knows who josh is. Not well, but enough to deduce that's who was in the car
Baha
Okay then
Deduction is a reeeeal beotch
more so than induction
or duction
Yes much moreso
Also
Im talking to this guy from Denver who works at the Greenbrier
Maybe something interesting
Im not sure yet
only time will tell
Once I dont live here i won't care about another person
But I need a distraction
Im petrified of nipple chaffing
Puke
Bonerchamp
narddog
Just a couple of kittens
Out on the town
HAHAHAHAHA
Just a couple of kittens
out on the town
I'm a decent bater, now my cousing mose, THATS a master bater
HAHAHA
MY MOSE SHIRT
YES
I FOUND IT
Is that your cousin mose
yes it is
PAY NO ATTENTION TO THE SPIRITS THAT HAUNT THIS HALLOWED GROUND
yes
that is mose
HAHAHA
hahaha spirits
you will now wrestle my cousin mose to the ground
One of my favorite episodes
I need more unbreakable
more
Now
they alive damn it
That show is so brilliant
It really is
it's like the perfect office 30 rock intersect
Titus andromedon
HAHAHAHAHA
Hahahaha
ANDROMEDON
Hes my hero
He starts singing disney's frozen's "let it go" when he thinks he sees a broadway producer
but the dude owns a restaurant
hahahaha
Still havent seen frozen
It's not bad
Am I missing anything
Or I can I skip it
the music is really catchy
but thats about it
nothing special
Figured
Rapunzel was great
Uzbekistan
Borat
What
"Well is any of this real??"
YOURE NOT REAL, MAN
Take a look into the face of rabies
Hes happy because hes insane
We had a funeral for a bird
I'm pretty sure
none of that's real
Hahahahaha
Creed might be my all time favorite
I like his final quote
in the entire series
Tell me it
It all seems so very arbitrary. I applied for a job at this company because they were hiring. I took a desk at the back because it was empty. But, no matter how you get there or where you end up, human beings have this miraculous gift to make that place home.
that last part has so much truth
Damn creed
#realtalk
But yes
Totally true
nan
omfg
OMFG
Hahaha yes
I can't breathe
It pretty great
Hey
no
Hahaha im sorry
my friend like went back to 2009
and started liking statuses of mine
I saw that
and they are popping up on peoples newsfeed
Ive been laughing all day
YOU ARENT THE ONLY ONE WHO HAS MOCKED ME
omg
hahah
STAHHP
Hahahahaha
DOUCHES
Im sorry, its hilarious
like for a rate or comment
Pc4pc?
LOL! You should enter that in a contest page!
Jesus
What I wonder is
How had humanity still gotten worse from that point
Has
HAHAHA
that seems like
socially the lowest point
but its like...not
Hahahaha
we're just a new kind of shit
Isn't that a Marilyn Manson song
Im sure it is
wait
this is the new shit?
HAHAHA
yes
Hahahaha
You're a fucking ugly bitch. I want to stab you to death, and then play around with your blood.
Bahahaha
Why
Just why
that's my favorite quote of all time
because it's how I feel about steaks
and women
HAHA
BEEF AND GIRLS
HAHAHAHHA
BUNS AND THIGHS
Oh man haha
I found this video
that reminded me of you
I must find it again
Tell me
it's on meditation
#lifehacks
Yessss
neuroscience tends to like meditation a lot
Im doing yoga mixed with a work out on the porch
It feels great
nice!
Cactuscactuscacruscactus
So r u vape
I'm vape
R r u smoke
I'm drank
O ok
Drank on
I smoke
I drank
I'm on patron I can't think
Yasssss
I am so tired of the Black Eyed Peas. It's rock and roll for people who don't like rock and roll, it's rap for people who don't like rap, it's pop for people who don't like pop.
Who said that,  Robert California? ??
Yes hahahaha
Exquisite
There is only sex. Everything is sex.
Hahaha
#true
it's sadly so true
I find that robert california is right.
all of the time
and it bugs me
Hes such a hedonist
We shold all be more like robert California
he truly is
that is the definition of robert california
So the rec center deleted my expi reservation because they dont want reptiles there and they didnt notify me
And claim they never reserved the date
WHAT
Seriously?
Yes.
I dont know how to go about handling this.
like what can you do
I guess nothing.
so no reptile expo? :/
I guess not :/
This makes me livid
Youve been doing this so consistently
And all of the sudden
No
Its just not working any more
People are retarded
I left and the movement died out
I guess it did :/
So ive realized something
Isaac is an egomaniac and treats me like im stupid. Ive never had a conversation with him where i didnt feel so small afterwards
This is whats upsetting me
I hate being treated like im stupid
I already have low self esteem and the only thing i can cling to is that im not stupid. And I feel stupid because of someone else
How lame
You have to become confident
And tactful
I have trouble presenting with confidence
You know im reserved
Smash his perception of you
Transforme
Butterfly ;)
Haha!
I just want to drive into the woods with you and smoke a bowl
I need out of here
To the woods!
FUCK IM SO PARANOID IM WALKING AROUND AND I KEEP TWITCHING AND LOOKING BEHIND ME
Fuck haha
Yes the woods
Dude you're fine
Haha
I need an mcr sing along and a healthy meal and my cat
IM OKAY
Yes
Eat a salad
Haha
What is a sah lad
Hahaha
Id like to train you in mindfulness
Train me senpai
Otaku
I dont know what that means
Its like Japanese for master or senior i believe
Hahaha
Hahaha okay whatever Japanese kid
Japan
Psh
No but seriously
Zen
Is the shit
My garden is so zen
It better be
You heathen
I am a heathen
I work at 7 tomorrow
I have been out too late
*PM
Haha
Haha nice
I have nothing to do but study
So i went out for coffee
Yummm
MmmmMMmm
Ive been drinking bulletproof coffee
Is that a brand or an adjective
Both
I dont use the brand
But I do make it bulletproof
Add coconut oil and kerrygold butter
Super energy
My coffee is a tour de force
Hahaha
So question
Have you ever considered that being bipolar is a gift instead of a detriment
Yes. Except down cycling. Being up is something id never give up
I dont give a flying fuck whats normal
Haha yes!
But I've hacked it
When I start going down I figured out why
And fix it
Back up again!
And I try not to get crazy manic. I just stay normal.
"Normal"
Thats not bipolar disorder if you can do that haha. Its something though. And thats a gift being able to manipulate it
HOW TF IS IT 40 DEGREES ITS APRIL
You can utilize the ups
But you cant change them
Haha these temps r dumb
So wait
Why is it unchangeable but they tell you to work out and eat well to adjust it
They say that but thats only a supplement to taking meds
Its an actual pathology haha
Hm :/
Well I feel like i have been very manic back after the initial episode
But now im not anymore
Youre probably hypomanic
Unless I take a disassociative
Or in a mixed state
True Mania is something ive only experienced once and i dont want to again but i dohaha
Its literally scary
I think I've been there
I thought I was going to die
I was disassociated
And like
Trying to meditation
Meditate
But if i put ANY energy into a part of my body
It shot sky high and wouldn't stop without me forcing it to
I couldn't balance my energy
Everything was at different levels
Yikes
Thats an odd description haha
Yes, like
I can feel when my pineal gland is activated or closed up to a degree
And I couldnt shut it off
My head felt wide open
In every sense
Thats interesting
Haha
I know how it sounds
But there is a distinct feeling
Its how ever you want to describe it
I would like to do some sort of brain scam
Scan
Because I can control my thoughts to a ridiculous degree when im reeeally focused
They do fMris of people meditating and its fascinating
Really???
Yes like i said neuroscience likes meditation haha
So many parts of the brain activate
That's so incredible
Id like to read studies
Youd like  oliver sacks
Hes an author
What does he auth?
Writes about fascinating things like the brain and religion and meditation. He has an intersting book called "the man who mistook his wife for a hat"
Haha
Thays delightful
Theyz
Theyz
Wait so
Do a study on me at some point
Pleeeeeease
HAHA
Brainwise
Okay!
One day
Yes one day dr terranova
That sounds so Ballin
It does
Im jelly
Although I will also be a dr of something
I just dont kmmnow what
But your last name is latin
Jesus know
Jk
Hahahaha
Still cool
What
Latin
Terra nova is latin for new earth
Yes
Mine is not
Hahah
I dont kmow what it means
Something german
Yeah its harder with thisr names
Its lost in translation
So
Pick something for it to mean
"Warrior of time"
There it is
Got it
Bingo
It actually means
Hermit place
Not joking
WHAT
HAHAHA
I love this fact
More directly someone who lives in/near a hermits place
So
That makes me a hermit
Which in the mystic tarot means
Jesus haha
I am aware of myself to the point of not needing others
Which is a lie
That would be cool though
Haha
I mean
That's what the hermit means
Im just not truly self reliant
I didnt know the Merriam webster
The #mw
Hahahaha
Yes
Hunter missed your call.
No call right meow
Question
Do you ever make unconscious faces when your mind goes blank
And people ask what they mean
And you can't explain it
I didn't mean to
YES
I totally do
Okay so
I think they are ways to obtain attention from people
I agree
like
Because attention = energy
unconsciously
yea
= power
Hahaha
Powers
powers
But you know
That has to be what it is
I call people energy vampires when they have little tricks to grab your attention for their gain
But
I do it too
Dammit
everyone does it
I know and I dont want to do it
Because I hate when others do
I do things for attention unintentioally all of the time
and don't realize it
until after I've done it
Me too
and i'm like
fuck me
haha
I only do it with people I like though, because I balance it out by the attention I give them
So its fair
i agree
So look at this, it explains so much about my "talents"
okay
haha
nan
Bottom name
Im sorry I've just never even looked at my history
Im sort of ignorant
About things
wow
advertising exec
Yesss
Ive been watching movies and reading
Because I really need to
Im trying to absorb all information
Watching only shows that matter
absorb it through your tendrils
like the office
Yes
The american workplace is no joke mikel
HAHAHA
U no it
While I was on shrooms I watched planet earth on mute for 5 hours
That's educational right?
Hahahaha
HAHAHA
OH MY GOD
"When I was on shrooms I watched planet earth on mute for  hours"
HAHAHAHAHA
like
that statement
is so fetch
I thought you'd like that
Fetch as hell
Homie
It brought me pleasure
"Pleasure"
Hahahahahha
what is that from
that was a thing
Nothing
I distinctly remember
I don't know
that was a thing
we said
I have no idea
Quoting everything
do we just make shit up sometimes and say it?
I think we do that
Yes all of the time but
We have always put nondescript quotes around common words
That's accurate
Thus making them ironic
Oh god
In no ways
we are the kings of reappropriation
like
#mw
pleasure
mmMMMM
Hahahahaha
vaping
YES
DUDE WE ARE FUNNY I SWEAR
We are
hahahaha
not everyone gets it
because people are stupid
Yes
and thats okay
Like
Yes
Hahaha
Dude when you get back on may 6th
beans coming out of my mouth
We need to go to dinner
You can eat beans
okay
so
i need
to type
more
to get
that phrase
away
okay
it's gone
sorry
HAHAHAHAHA
i can't laugh loudly now
im dying
hahaha
Jesus
I know the ug
The ugggh
"Feeling"
#ughs: uggs for misanthropes
i need your to perform a test on an innocent baby
Oh god
Why hahahahaha
wanna play a game
it's called shrute
or consequences
money
or beet
Hahaha
So
I just took a klonopin
And I regret it
It shuts down everything in your minf
Mind
Like
Zombie mode
I know
I took like 4 mg the other day
I was gone
That was the last of it
but it was worth it
hahaha
Martin took 7 mg the other night
Idiot
Jesus
that's like
Hes so dumb
dangerous
I kmow
He was tripping and wanted to sleep
Klonopin dont stop a shrooms trip
Hes dumb
different brain systems
don't influence one another in this case
Exactly
i think the fatal dose is 20mg
haha
Jesus
Does it jist make everything stop?
Well basically
Like involuntary functions
Wait so
How did I not die from etizolam
Am I a god
it keeps inhibitory channels open too long, so eventually hypothermia and respiratory depression and cardiac arrest
well
I ate so much
there are two types of anxiolytics
klonopin fires on the inhibition channel
some other drugs
just keep it open longer
which could mean the lethal dose is higher
Hm
Okay because I probably ate like 30 mg sometimes
got dam
In a day
WOW
Daily
For weeks
Like candy
Literally
I dont remember any of it
I lost 3 months in VB
I was so depressed I didnt want to be there mentally
i looked it up
So I removed myself
that drug is part of a new class of benzos
that's RAPIDLY metabolised
so it's harder to OD
Oh well good
Haha
#nice
one
You know
I would like to do mxe and acid together again
And become a disassociated crazy person for another 3 weeks
That's not pleasant for me
hahaha
I don't like feeling like I'm losing my mind
Sometimes when I can't stop thinking about things
I think
HAHAHAH
WAIT
SO LIKE
"Just disassociate"
"SOMETIMES WHEN I CANT STOP THINKING ABOUT THINGS----I THINK"
And everything is calm again
Hahahaha
"just dissociate"
like nike
Yes
Just do it
Out of body
Bam
I have better mental control that way
Somehow
And I have literally gone crazy a few times
Like
Never coming back crazy
And I've always come back
Better than before
So its not scary anymore
Once I though my left and right hemispheres were disconnected
And I had to stop driving, pull over
Want to know sometthing funny
I hate to correct you
Almost went to the hospital
but nothing would happen
Do it
Holy go
I know nothing would happen NOW
But then I was full of fear
#goo
jesus
haha
Fear is my biggest obstacle
really?
I have to tell myself not to fear anything
Because it makes life unpleasant
mine is neediness. I want to be loved more than I love myself
Yes that's a type of fear
I also feel that
Like
I want someone to obsess over me
But then I remember that if that were the case
I would hate that person  .
I need the carrot on a stick, romantically
I've never had that experience so Idk if i would
And now im dying
Because thats hilarious
I need the carrot on a stick
Chris was obsessed
he was
I hated him
hated
Loathed
HAHAHA
me too
When my current romantic interests gets too close to me, my feelings wane a bit
I need to chase something
interesting
that's very
hm
Also I dont want trapped
yeah
i feel that
seriously
I'm trapped
hahahahah
I like not having to stick to one person
Hahaha y
Yes
Like, I dont want to fuck anyone else because im not a sexual being but
If I did want to
I could
I can do all the drugs I want and dont want to
I can sleep over at peoples houses
Stay out until 7 am
Fuck it all
Im doing me
Fuck it
#realtalk
I'mm do me
I do what I do and you do what you can do about it
hahahahahaha
YES
I NEED WAYNE IN MY LIFE AGAIN
Now
Also
But a die Antwoord ticker
Ticket
Mit
Dammit
weezy f baby and the f is for fellatio
TICKET
I can't
sadly
but I wish
ITS 40 RUPEES
Why
HAHAHAAH
I have barely enough money to cover rent this month
Its in august
Save up
Lol
I am going back to work soon
so maybe
Yes
Do it
This is Dwight telling Michael to do it
Just do it michael
Do it
54321
don't think just do
do
make me die antwoord
HAHAHA
do it michael
do it
Just do
Go
Big leagues
Now
Chew
Go
welcome to the big leagues
i also feel like that was a thing
HAHAHAHAHA
IT WAS
Big league chew
Gah I need to sleep
Fuck
I have to stop staying out this late
But im not going to stop
You probably should
haha
but dont
Im not gonna
I like going home when the birds come out
It feels surreal
i love hearing the birds
early in the morning
Yes at like 4 am
Like, wow I've officially been awake a long ass time
Welcome to the twilight zone
I've only been up since 3
haha
Gah well back to the sleep thing
NIGHT FRAM
Fam
Fran
night
Fran drescher
HAHAHAHAHA
OMFG
Hahahahaha
3
<#
heartshtag
Heartbrown goodnight
i am home alone and looking through photos and saw this
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=457073863398&set=t.596733398&type=3&theater
and DIED laughing
this content is unavailable
Is it now
Haha
DAMN IT
Its the atheist badge thing
WHY DID I JUST LOOK
Oh no
HAHAHAHAHA
You deleted him, you ass
Oh
But yes I reveled in laughs
I did
I forgot
I wish I remembered whhy
lol
Because you see him as a living punchline and not a person
Which I totally get
omg
you're right
Hahahahaha
lol
wtf
You should add him again so he doesnt have things to bitch about to me
Ok
I will
And we can go to dinner without that being a subject
Im excited for you to out reason him
that comes up?
facebook?
On occasion he mentions how you deleted him for no reason. Very rarely.
He doesn't get the joke.
Because he is the joke.
Im just so excited to see you
XD XD XD XD
Myspace
XD
teens
vaping christian beavers
beans coming out of my mouth
Sentient beans
Im at work
HAHA
Dont make me lose it
nice word play
Hahahaha
lose what your ass virginity
to a vape pen
HAHAHAHAHA
Shut up
Fuck you
HAHAHAHA
I can't stop laughing
Me neither
Ass
Dammit
for some reason
Vape pen
hahahaha
when we are talking via fb chat
seeing words typed
is 10000x more funny
than hearing them
I know
penis
Theyre so much more pointed
Hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
that's not funny
but here it is
cock
Haha haha god dammit
I have a kitty on a leash
AWH
HOW BIGS ITS COCK
nan
HAHAHAHA
Fuck you
His name is kilter
Kitler
that's kind of weird
hahaha
so cute
why is he on a leash
Because he wants to be outside
awh
okay
Yes I play with kitties at work more than anything else
omg
I get tired of kitties
yeah
I could see that
How are kitties becoming joyless
What is lifw
Life
hahahaha
you're becoming a nihilist. nothing is real. nothing means anything. kittens are nothing.
I am nothing.
Kitties are life are nothing.
kitties
kitties
kitties
There is one named grits and shrimp
A wild Tom cat named scrapper max
Hes my favorite
scrapper max
that's all I was going to say.
Hahahaha chat blue balls
Its a new epidemic
what
The cat jumped
Off the balcony
What
Omg
R u in trouble
I am going to have to rescue it
No
Save him
Save him noe
Hahaha
With your hands
Tour de force
Hahahaha
Got him
Thay darn cat
I am so bored
There is nothing for me to do
I have 2 hours left
What are you doing?
Ran some IV lines
Now laundry
Niceeee
Do that laundry
Do it
Ill do the shit out of it
Im a laundry pro now
I got great laundry marks
(Grades)
I cant be pro at it
Because i dunno when i last did it
Haha well
When I didn't have a wash machine I would skip days
Wear old clothes
I was an animal
(I had paws)
Were they padded
Slightly
Great traction
Running 4 days
claws?
All the better to eat you with my dear
(Hand mouths)
I cannot wait to leave in 44 minutes
I am going to work out and nap and take a shower and work out some more
I have become one of "those people"
Not black but
Addicted to fitness
you sound like rob delany
But my room mate is addicted to heroin so i think im doing okay
Hey! I'm addicted to #fitness!
Hahahahahaha
wait WHAT
Yea
Hes using every day now
dear god
Yes i know
Even Shayn is concerned
Loke
What
brain stem
So like
Doing squats
Is so awkward
Why
Im losing butt fat and im losing butt
Because I only have fat
I went to a pagan festival of Beltane yesterday
That was a fun time
Everyone was so crazy
I wonder
Before man
Were sunsets even beautiful
Did our destruction create pink and orange skies
Yes.
gotta love the transcript from the spongebob movie
Yesm
So
Listen to the album
CERULEAN
By baths
And rejoice in the golden glow of a blue sun
baths?
literally
figuratively
seriously
BATHS
B-A-T-H-S
Yes
YES
ok cool
Baths
Hahaha
I can jam to it
And then sleep to it
Its dual purpose
I love jamming out to cool tunes with the bros
I know bro me too bro
So, mike got fired and is using even more.  I have to leave.
Oh my fucking god
I'm so sorry
You should stay with me some over the summer. My room is back in working order and I can throw you down a mattress for whenever you want to crash
Well, it looks like josh has stepped up.  And school starts in 3 months.
OH MY GOD
I FORGOT THAT YOURE GOING TO SCHOOL
IM SO EXCITED
and that's awesome of him. We can be pretend neighbors
Hahaha meeee toooo
We can pretend
Yes!!!
I will be at your house all of the time
Like if we wanna chill we can literally just walk
holy hit
SHIT
This is the most exciting thing for me
Like
I am losing my current home but
Going to live with my favorite person, beside my super favorite person.
ITS GONNA BE GREAT
dude I'm about to take a neurobiology final followed by a chemistry final
Pray for me#
Jesus christ
YOU GOT THIS
I'm shaking in my boots
I DO
I DO GOT THIS
I'll pray to elohim
Oh great elohim
Protect Michael's cognitive thinking
In these trying times
*amen*
Amen, my sister.
So
Josh is about to lay down house rules
Hahahaha
This is going to be WEIRD
I dont know if im even prepared for how strange my life is about to get
things are about to get w-w-weird
Hahaha
"No illegal drugs. No visitors."
Hahahaha
no visitors/
Done.
that's weird
lol
I guess but
You havent seen his apartment
It makes sense
i hope by the time I'm josh's age I don't have an apartment. I hope i have like, a husband, and like a kid
Wow he is emotionally what I'm trying to avoid as an adult
like he's interesting
but closed off
immature
kind of like someone our age
lol
Hahahaha
Dude he is
A recluse
I cannot believe he offered to let me stay with him
But I have been putting my work in
Hard core
HAHA
Yeah that was interesting
I have been seeing him 2-3 times a week and staying over until like 6 am
And he's gone mad for me
All a part of my plan
Muahahaha
Currently trying to figure out how to get hitler into his basement apartment and fit her.
He won't let me sell her.
Basically everything else has to go.
Oh wow
Thats intense
I mean, it was going to have to happen eventually.
I guess it was..
Now ill just have some extra money for things.
Thats never a bad thing
No its not. I guess I will stay with josh until school starts.
Hey, whatever works dude
Yea I mean, im sort of a homeless person at this point.
But its kind of freeing
I guess you are haha
You vagabond
That's me
Just a ramshackle
Just a belschnikel
HAHA
So I guess im moving Wednesday.
What a rush.
Test time wish me luck
Gogogo
You got this
Killed it with my hands literally
Hahahaha
I love you
I'm drunk off of four lokos
I'm officially A 16 year old white girl
Stop drinking
God dammit
I finished all of my finals and the semester
I figured
if 1.50 can bring me some pleausre
why not
Hahaha
That shouldn't be funny
it is
I am funny
laugh at my ass
THINK ABOUT YOUR BODY
Hahahahah
I have made a vow to be healthy shi summer
however
it's not summer yet
so I'm living this to the very end
Hahaha christ
I am the chrrist
yes
I made a vow to be happy all of the time
So im doing that
Haha
I want to live by aristotles philosophy. The only true happiness can be achieved through absolute reason. I intend to be reasonable.
omg im sorry im d-d-d-runk
if the guitly person would come forth and take the punishment
wed be done
You're killing me
Hahahaha
I am
I love you so much
your blood drips thick from my sweating palms
i gasp for breathe
No it doesn't
i have just done the unthinkable
Shut up
I have killed my best friend
HAHA
the knife, rembling in my hands
my mind is racing
please tell me you're quoting somethinf
All I can think about is the fact that I'll never be able to erase the act of violence that i've just committed
You weirdo
No
Hahaha
No
It plagues me, it haunts me, it is me.
This is who I am.T
This is who I've always been.
A killer.
Patrick Bateman
You're not a killer
Hahaha
Taking no one as an exception.
No
I'm not
I just got on a roll
That was really great though
Kudos
Bravo
Etx
Etc
Fuck
hahaha
Fuxk
*bows*
Fucccc
Haha
Yes
Mother fucker I am one
Idk what that's from
but still
mother fucker I am one
it was packer
you are dead
you are dead my friend
that was hila
of course
of couse it was you
oh yeah
oh yeah
it was packer
Hahaha weezy f baby
I heard the grossest word for pooping today
So I need a tip
well
phrase
rather
How do you poop in close quarters with another person
OMG POOPING
"pinching a loaf"
Hahahahaha
I'm going to kill myself
Literally
kill myself
Youre ridiculoud
dead
Butts aren't for pooping
How do you do it though
they're for fucking
and nothing else
Ok
so
what you do
is you flush the toilette once to create the illusion is peeing, though you've really pooped. You collect toilette paper and create the illsion of sneexing, but thats not what you're doing
you flush again
no questions are asked
however
this must be a quick poop
Im dying
Omg
Tyranny
Agony
pleausre
sex
everything
is sex
Getting caught in that
Is worse than pooping
in sex?
I beg to differ
lol
what
No the poop trick
Sorry I was trying to park on quarrier
The rules are ridiculous
I had to park so far away
Fuck
This is going to be a real experience
Tonight I am cleaning
Thats actually super accurate
Youa re
?
Yes because this apartment
Is sadness
Just
Grief
Despair
Mourning
Hahahahaha
How r u
Friend
Friend
Fellow
Companion
Friend
hello
friend
Hi Friend
What r u doing
Hi friend
Listening to music
loudly
Oh fun
I'm kind of sad to be leaving
Yes
I've kind of developed a life here
but I have a life at home
#turnitup
Dont be sad
Get glad
Youre my neighbor now
#rejoice
OH YEAH
Hahaha
I no longer feel like a plastic bag
Hahahaha
Good
Plastic is bad for the environment
it is
I am home alone
Culkin style
I have to ship geckos today
And I no longer have a washing machine
Which is sort of upsetting
#culkinstyle
like gangam style
Look at my new #hat
nan
So #scene
Heyhey
nan
My evening begins like this
That was horrid. My evening ends the same.
Oh my
Haha
Im an idiot
#sohard
I dont know the wifi password
Or how to operate the television
So im just eating chips
Those things are not related
Hahahaha
Hahaha
I know but
Im left to my own devices
And bored and alone
I tried to clean but the dust
Gah the dust
Im listening to a genre of music called
Witch house
Am I cool yet?
Youre a cool witch
Fank you ^.^
Hahaha
When will you be here tomorrow
Late evening
Probabky like 9
Man im drunk
Hahaha
Im going to miss having a consistent sexual partner
But its worth coming to see you
Awwwwww
Yes
You're a sweetheart
Hahaha
Hahahahaha
Omg
Hahaha
When i get drunk i like to chain smoke and jam to the black parade all the way through outside my apartment
Dont judge me
Im unique
My fingerless gloves dont define me
"Eclectic"
Hahahahahaha
Im laughing so hard
Oh my god
Hahaha
HONEY
I SEE YOU LYIN NEXT TO ME
With words i thought id never speak
Yes im nearing the end
Awake and unafraid
Obvi
Asleep or DEAD
Were gonna have to smoke hella weed this summer
Hahaha
Hella weed
Hahahaha
Because i need to let go of all this baggage
Hahaha
Just dont tell josh <. <
Why?
I dont know if he really cares but
Hes like
Today, starting now, you should not associate with people who use drugs
I believe in you
Etc etc etc
And im like
Mmmmmkay
"Your existence matters to me"
Hes a trip
I cannot lie though
I have never been happier in a living situation
And im sad that I have to leave here for school
But it must be done
Bigger fish to fry
Etc
Exactly
Some girl that lives mext to me
Just gave me the
"Im drunk too"
Look
Hahahaha
That's great
Oh college
Ohhh college
Its funnt cause
I tried to drink and
I partied enough in high school and freshman year of college and got this allbout of my system
Hahaha
I have no desire for classic college parties
Just lonely drunkiness
I just wanna smoke drink and discuss philosophy with like 6 people
I dont need to
act a fool.
That sounds like fun
Hahahaha
Act a fool
I told isaac about your interesting universe idea
As a philosophy major, he was compelled
Which means it has to be interesting i guess if you've heard it all before haha
That makes me feel so
Industrious
Hahahah
Hahaha
I was told I was industrious this morning
And then given a bible verse pertaining to said description
That I did not absorb
Just
Hurry and come back
Pls
Omw
I wish
I have to leave very early Thursday morning
For?
So I will likely not see you tomorrow
Richmond
Holla
Got damn
I knooow
Im sort of excited
I love interpol but
I dont know all the songs
Interpol is great
Hahah
Yeah i feel hahaha
I like them
But im not a hxc fan
Hxc
I would venture to say I am
And thats why its troubling
That I dont know the songs
Oh my
Such trouble
I know
Im going to have to fake my way through it
Like sex with Nicholas cage
HAHAHAHA
Oh god
Gahah
You're killin me smalls
Gah I need to go to sleep but I can't
Its so foreign in here
Like Malaysia
Yea like malaysia
I cant sleep because im anxious to leave
I understand
Im anxious for you to leave
I dont adapt to change well
Sadly
My life will be changing constsntly
Haha
As is life
Haha
Yes
Ye
Yes
Ye
Yeaye
nan
nan
Is like the most patronizing emoticon
It really is
Like
Cool story bro
Omg
A girl is outside textinf beside me
Go
Go now
Omg she was waiting for a boy
Oooo hes cute
Nice neighbor lady
Nice
They doin it
I no it
Hahahaha
God dammit
Hahaha
The neighties upstairs are fucking or killing a dog
Not sure which
Oh dear elohim
And other hebrew words
Im listening to sigur ros
Which is interesting
And Norwegian
I thought you mispelled sugar ray and i was ready to rain judgement
Hahahahaha
Crazy motherfucker
I am one
I know you dont believe in astrology but
Libra and Gemini
You and Isaac
You pick up on his bad habits in the homestead
90% of the junk in this apartment is from Josh's best friend/past room mate amber who is a gemini as well
She has a brain tumor and he is staying with her tonight
Poor thing
Oh my god
Hahahaha
I swear
He packed clothes this morning
And also took
His snorlax doll pillow
That wears a shirt
Why
Whyyyy
Hash tag too mucj
Hahahah
He loves snorlax
So much
I like Gengar
Snorlax is
But I also dont e
Care
My fav pokemon...
Sigh
Hahahahaha
God damn
I swear we found a substitute for each other
Why must he be clad in human textiles
Ya think?
HAHA
i mean
Its so obvious at this point
Yes
My replacement for you isnt even isaac. I hate to say it, but youre not the only one i send random words to and laugh uncontrollably
Youre like my permanent bf
And college has provided me with a temporary one
That hurts my heart
Ouch
Hahaha
Sigh
What's her name?
I was just happy to realize that there was someone else in the world who would find the two of us funny
DO YOU LOVE HER
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I cant breathe
Well
Hahahahahaha
Truth is
I erased her memory
And she doesnt remember anything
Hahahahahahahaha
However
Im dying
Little things will remind her of me
And she will find her self at my office
Have you gone insane
Where the machine is
HAHAHA
With 100 questions
No
Hahahaha
I am just living eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
I have meant to watch that
I really want to
Its SO GOOD
Omfg
Oh em eff gee
Og god
I think i heard a raccoon
Or some beast
In the walls
THE RACCOONS ARE BACK
Was it poopy
Poopy the racoon
Oh jesus
I can't evem
Hahahahaha
nan
This one
From work
Oh my lord
God is real
Hahahahaha
Look at thay
Only god couldve made thay
Hahaha
Yes
God is real
Creation implies a creator
We are the creators
Bam
As paley would say
Omg
We are
Palsy
I created poopy the raccoon
Oh god
Hahahahaha
So tell me
Do you also cackle at your phone while we talk
Yes
Do you look equally as crazy
People look at me
Isaac sometimes asks
But learned fast
That he cant understand
I was in the car yesterday, in the passenger side
And I just
Nearly lost it
Hahahaha
I was holding onto my seat
Like
Do you remember what it was???
Omg haha
You dont want to look mad
You were drunk and talking about killing someone
YEP
Oh my god
And I couldn't explain that to josh
He worries about you
Hahahahahahaha
I remember that
Does he?
Whys that? Haha
Yes I keep telling you
I think i knew that
He is concerned
Hahaha
I mean
You almost died in the street
Soooo
You know
A little concern
Oh yeah
Isnt bad
I forgot about that
Oops
Hahahahahahaha
Oh god
You impish creature
TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
Impish or admirable
IMPISH
Lashes
Lashes for you
Got dam
Got dam
Motherfucker
I am one
I have been eating corn chips
Cool
nan
nan
And it is messing with my health
Hahaha
nan
The only things in the fridge
Are hummus and quac
Some salsa
And frozen burritos
That is not a balanced diet
No one can tell me it is
Fuck you mikel
nan
Mikel and hen
That isnt balanced hahah
Its like one food group
He is vegan but
Refuses to cook
And the stove
Shocks you
If you arent wearing shoes
He should just vape #minerals
The stove is a killer mikel
Oh god
What do I do
I kist realized
You daod
Said
The stove shocks you
Physically
Yes
Not emotionally
If you are not wearing shoes
I mean
It is also emotionally shocking
I need to clean it in the morning
So I can cook some vegetables
Because I am housewife now
Now that someone cares
To eat my food
Great job
You stereotype of a woman
.Industrious
Cook them veggies
Thank you very much
I was in the kitchen this morning, purposefully being feminine because it gets me what I want
And Josh is like, maybe its not going to be so bad having you around here after all
Hahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahahahahhaha
Omfg
Hahahaha
Youre like an angel
NOW THAT YOU HAVE USE VALUE
I swear to god he said that
Thats creepy?
Mayve
Its because
Maybe
Ive been working out
And I know that I am physically attractive now
So im using it to my advantage
Its a lot of fun
Being manipulative
In ways I could not before
You dog you
I wanted him to do mushrooms
Not for emotional growth
But for an emotional disaster
So I could be the one to save his psyche
I would be the only help
I would have the power
I told Mike I am with you
I guess he wasn't listening when I told him im moving out
Oh god
Haha
I should go to sleep though
Wish me luck
Post haste
I mean good luck
Hahahaha
Yes
Bai
You sent a link.
Heyhey
heyyy
Hahaha fuck
Bush did 9/11
Im seeing #interpol
Hash tag hashbrowns
Hashbrown No fliter
yes
Flitter
Im having drinks
(Water)
Hahaha
are you wearing a fitted cap
No, snap back. Get it together.
Idiot.
OH snap back
ok
what are you now
a four loko?
a t shirt with a meme on it?
Jesus
Where are you even
What
Out
Now
Get
Go
Go, now , blast
kratos is trapped in his enclosure. Jet fuel can't melt beams, but apprently a fallen light can
Tell kratos to climb
She can do it
Go now
Post haste
Steel beams
So do you have power currently?
"Currently"
yes
Electricity
what?
HAHA
Should I not?
I guess there was an explosion
oh my
And some power is knocked out downtown
oh my
I didn't mean to say that t=t=twice&^2
Bush did 9/11.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Shhhh
Its Showtime
The original series
wha
I swear
That show was insanw
And our power is out conveniently
Winning
Well damn
#powersOUT
#smoking
#monkeys
Hahaha
Yes
I think my body is broken
my head is killing me
and I am cold
Aw no
Fix er up
Take me to a jiffy lube
Oil change
Stat
Heyheyhey
Smoke weed
A couple of days a week
nan
Going to order this
That looks sick
I want it so bad
On the first page
It says near death experience
Is where you die and awaken on a different plane
still want to hang today?
Yea for sure
Im in Charlottesville for a bit
ok cool
So much caffeine
What is sleep
Im like bouncing off the streets
Idk what sleep is
Hahaha
Do you maybe
Want to go to Wal-Mart with me
YES
Hahaha
Awesome
OMW
Hahaha okay
I have to walk back
Okay good
Oh and
We should get gas
OH ok gotcha
did you get my text?
No
I did not
nan
Jesus hahaha
Good job
He laughed
"I'm in"
HAHAHAHAHA
im too high for this
Oh wait
Me meeting josh is gonna be a "bite the pillow I'm going in dry situation" in a social sense
Facebook police
Oh god
Hahahahaha
haha
Im excited for this
Ferns are red. Not green. Because Our senses are limited in that we cannot fully realize the severity of our environment. People are murdered without us noticing, the sun goes down without us knowing. Green light has a wavelength of 510 nm, only because someone assigned it that. What we're perceiving as green, is actually red. We've actually attached a false assumption to the fern. That it has any color at all. So I make the claim that it is red.
If he asks about the fern, I'm good to go
GOD IM SO HIGH
HELP MAY
Hahaha oh my god you're crazy
Said josh
Welcome to the black parade
said michael
HSSSS
said josh
*Bush did 911*
Oh man
MCR will have him hyped up
Oh yeah he hates mcr
He hates them an unreasonable amount
hahaha
MONSTER
He is
Like
Get out
Now
The problem with him
is
HE'S NOT AROUND HE'S ALWYAS LOOKING AT MEN
HAHAHAHAHA
:]]]]]]]]]] dont fight it josh let gerard in :]]]]
Screen shotted for later enjoyment
HAHAHA
NICE
OMG
Hahaha
Dying
I did something funny
#living
what did you do
I asked Josh "is that okay" and he read "are you okay" and sent me a semi detailed description of how he was, and I did not respond. I am high. This is funny for some odd reason.
It is funny hhahaha
you just
looked at it
just looked
didn't responded
Hahaha
Yes
lookeded
For an hour
A WHOLE HOUR!!!!!!
Now I have nothing to say besides
Nothing
So
We need to make signs to picket with
Let's make up a fake cause
like atheists did with the flying spaghetti monster
Portland style
Like Carrie and fee
Fred
Hahaha
carrie and fran
fran drescher
Peter and nuance
Nance
HAHAHAHAHA
Omg
NUANCE
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahahaha
DYING
###
You sent a link.
Hahaha yes
can'tbreathe
Portlandia screen caps
#cuttingforbieber
Hahahaha
Ohnno
that was a trending topic on twitter
(Says Frank)
13 year olds
were cutting themselves
for bieber
Oi remember
I
like
WHY
Oh god
HES CANADIAN
Oi remember
Ska rembrance
Remembrance
remembrance
My fingers are too fast
Im  .  Like sonic
Im dying
Hahahaha
these hands are swift
like a fox, treading through the embers of his forrest home, running towards civilization, but he's shot dead in his tracks by bush
Yes
This is what happened
I swear it
OK
Hahaha
I BELEEV U ALRDY
My favorite thing is sleeping with a fan on
I LOVE DOING THAT
Rotating fan
Yes pls
Oh god the oscillations. It's like an emblem for the non stopped rotation of our galaxy around others
and its cold
like space
You're so deep
Like deep space
Little boxes on the hillside and there all made out of ticky tacky and they all look just the same
Oh god what
Hahaha
did you never watch weeds
BIG OLE SIGH
WITH FLEM
No but i saw a panel for it in san diego
Backdoor brag
It's a REALLY good show
and that's awesome
Someone upstairs is pacing
Its making me nervous haha
it's that woman
she's a pagan
it's probably a ritual
Oh no
Hahaha
Jesus I need to go to bed fuuuck
Later homie
u dew
l8s
hey
may be a couple of minutes late but
plan is a go
nan
nan
why are you up haha
why are u up
u first
what is life
because I'm a crazy east end person. I just got back from swinging at the playground
ur funny
"heh"
so
everything is a hologram
thats just the way things are
or a shadow
either way
sorry bout it
#sorrynotsorry
"I did 9/11" #sorrynotsorry
a hologram of a shadow
of 9/11
deal with it
I'm trying to compute
but my processor is slow
ur killin me smalls
so
jesus its 4 am
what the fuck
hahahaha
It's four o clock in the fucking morning
each day gets more and more like the last
What the fuck
I have to go to the dmv in the morning
Fuck that with dick
hahahaha
shit ass bitch
dmv
i would take you but
ill be asleep
sorry
friebncd
friend
here's my big secret
I might be asleep to at the time in which im suppsoed to go
thats your big secret?
HA
amatuer
peasant
plebe
I am all of those things
and an amateur juggler
oh god
get out
now
hahahaha
and a conspiracy theorist
and a scholar
truther
"truther"
and a truther
life is misery
ACCEPT IT
TRUTHER
not really
life is brilliant
accept THAT
oh my god
" my life is brilliant" *james blunt voice*
oh no
hAHAHAHA
i had forgotten
about
"the blunt"
when i smoked that blunt today
with those strangers
all I could think
is
"I'm going to get hepatitis from this blunt"
HAHA
oh god
hep
the hep
the heppity hep
the grand old h
the devils liver tickler
jesus god
lost it
LOST IT
fuck
screaming SCREAMING SCREAMING
smel it hunder
smel it
i cant do this
its too much
cease or im going to bed
hahahaha
thank you
OK
shit
i just erased
i started a new thing
and stopped myself
hahaha
hahaha
thank you
i just
cant laugh like an insane person
all night
sorry
I know
thanks anyways
hahaha
So a dude on the internet called me a faggot. Not sure how to respond. This has never happened. The worst thing I can think to do to people anymore is make them eat bad food
LIKE EAT THIS CALZONE YOU PIECE OF SHIT YOUR BODY WILL HATE YOU LATER
EAT IT
You have made me very food minded
christ
hahahaha
the best thing to do is
think that they are ALREADY EATING THAT SHIT
YOU DONT EVEN HAVE TO FORCE THEM TO
ITS NOT LIKE "EAT SHIT"
BECAUSE THEY DONT THINK IT IS SHIT
YOU COULD SAY
EAT SHIT AND DIE
AND THEY WILL
HAHAHAHAHA
I DONT HAVE TO FORCE ANYTHING
THEY JUST HAVE TO CONTINUE SUCKING
i love that youre on this food thing with me
i mean
its not even a food thing
its just proper food
it's just being the best possible person and utilizing life
I mean thats the best thing to do
And its fun doing it
It makes lofe a strategy game
No lazy cheats
nan
"Keith"
he looks #nice
Keith is a funny name
It just is
it's the devils name
don't speak it
it's the worst name in the world
besides karren
You with the devil tonight
or barbara
Karren
Hahahaha
Barbie
HAHAHAHAHA
BARBIE
WILL BE MY CHILDS NAME
MALE OR FEMALE
*deconstructs gender binary*
#gamechanger
I have to go to bed youre killing me hahaha
Laugh quota reached
Nighty nighty bed bugs bighty
Supine mouth breathing
dead
you've killed me
Hahaha
Night night
ni
das haben wir gleich
Omg
N
Hahahaha
heyyy
Hi
that bottle of wine and that one klonopin wrecked me last night
God damn
i fell asleep at midnight
just woke up an hour ago
I fell asleep at 1230 and woke up thirty minutes ago haha
damn got me
i drank 5 bottles of water
hahaha
Sometimes you need that
Amd by sometimes
I mean after drinking
And other times
all the times
Every of the time
so let me get put together and stuff because i need gym detox
Okay cool.
A year sgo you posted on my wall
"I ate my entire kitchen last night"
damn
poor me
what did i ingest
Not salmon
Probskies
hahahha
probskies indeed
i need to eat a bunch of omega 3s
because that wine melted them away
also i got more wine
called "carnivor"
That sounds amazing haha
Do you want some omega 369s
OH
Secret
So like
yes?
After you drink your body is depleted of b vitamins. Replenish them and you feel better. I have a thaimine folic acid supp at school
Oh awesome. What foods are best for that? I guess I could just google it lol
Yep google away haha
Pineapple!
Fantastic!
Also do you have any krill oil? I am fresh out
Yes
In mt dream last night my grandma ate cigarettes
I cant remember anythibg else
But that
Hahahahaha
I dont remember dreaming I just know josh woke me up milling around until 4 am and obvi wanted that wine
But I faked him out
Because I fell asleep
Hahaha
Hes like where's the wine
In the fridge
You dont refrigerate red wine
I do
You dont refrigerate expensive wine
Cheap wine is another story
Ie i refrigerate all wine
Hahaha
I mean it was 11 dollars
So
Cheap
I got your krill oil and stuff
You're amazing. Im going to chop up pineapple and shower. Im rushing i promise
Okay neat
nan
Fuck you
Hahahaha
That photo makes me damp
Hahahahahaga
Damp hahahaha
Oh god
Losing it
sometimes josh's hair looks like a heap of al dente ramen
Omfg
It fucking does
Hahahaha
im laughing so hard
hahahahaha
i want to just convince him to stop bleaching it
age gracefully dammit
He looks like hea fighting his age
Aging gracefully is dignified
im aging gracefully with wine
i also dont think i will age any better than josh
i will just be happier
He is pure ahhhhngst
but why is it so endearing
Its not. You just have a broken brain. But thats okay. I do too
I DO NOT MY PARENTS DID NOTHING WRONG
i just enjoy people who enjoy me
because biology
I am picky about people
I was actuslly told this today by my mom lol
She was like
"You dont have a lot of friends because if theyre stupider than you, you prey on them"
I was like SO TRUE
Then again she was arguing with me so idk
Im like not a great person lol
hahahaha
"friends"
yes
Ive come to realize that by societys standards i suck
But i live outside of society
So i am invincible
fuck a society
for real
Srsly bruh
im going to take the myers briggs thing
self validation
I know mine
I took it in a psych office lol
haha is it the same test online
I mean I know
im asking, is it?
Ive taken that too
Yes it is
i see one thats like 50 dollars
Haha
i want a free one
dammit
No
Theres a free one
Thats valid
Just google myers briggs test online
okay i see a test based of the myers briggs
close enough
josh is sending me your tumblr posts again
talk to me
are you seriously considering death?
Yes i am.
tell me why.
Without a doubt.
I cant find a single thing that makes life feel worth living.
Ive lost all sense of purpose
Like for lack of a better word
Ive lost faith, hope, desire, ambition
And its been gone for months
And im not even depressed
well, there are a few things you can do
you can start meditating and rediscover the beauty in our universe and maybe go a little crazy because its fun
when you get bored, meditate.  if youre sitting in class, meditate.  start reading the people around you. take solace in the fact that you can.
appreciate the intelligence you were gifted with
also, get out of your terrible relationship because it is suffocating you
destroy your life to rebuild another
All of those things sound nice
they are the NICEST things
Ive lost touch with pleasure
Like human pleasure
Like what even is nicr
try building more relationships with people and manipulate them into stroking your ego
nothing is more pleasurable
Ive become so emotionally repressed
That i forgot how to feel
And thats isaacs fault
I think
God what am i doing
Maybe its my fault
you are disconnecting yourself from the world as a defense mechanism because you have not practiced better defenses
i used to do the same thing
like, gah everything is terrible, let me out
Ive never done this before
I keep pushing peoples buttons until they csnt stand it and leave
Even with my family
you are hiding from your feelings of dissatisfaction because the alternative is change, and change can be scary
This is very true. I dont adapt well either
i was forced to adapt
i had no choice
I know
maybe that would help you but
you have repressed so much
when you die and reawaken it will be terror getting through it
but oh god so worth it
I have. Ive literally lost human parts of me
you will have at least 3 weeks of insanity
but after, bliss
there is mxe around right now
i think you should try some
instead of killing yourself
Ill consider it. Im not much a fan of resarch chems (not against them) but they make me a bit weary
the other option is misery and death
so
you know
i have done SO MUCH mxe
i know it is fine
especially with the diet you are eating
We dont know that death is misry btw
your body can handle it
I know
Im not saying i wojt
Just hesitant
no but up until death if you are experiencing misery you will bve miserable until you pull the trigger proverbially or not so
i believe that if you die in misery you are reborn into it
a cycle of hell
for all eternity
until you get better
Thats just a belief. A very hinduistic belief btw haha, nice. I choose to believe differently.
Like your life here dictates your next life
Be nice, get nice again
i think that the bible was sort of right, you live in hell if youre a bad person.
because hell is life
but misery
heaven is here on earth
the moment i realized i had likely died a few times
life was BEAUTIFUL
everything had a glow to it
i have not been there since hanging out with joe because it is a hard place to reach without drugs, but it is possible
i think you lack a lot of belief in anything other that proven science
and that is great but
it can make you miserable
there is nothing to look to when everything sucks
Thats kind of true, but not really. I believe there are things science cant explain, and humans attempt to, but we cant
it helps to come up with theoretical explanations for those things.  they help stabilize you.
Yeah if they make sense i totally go for it, but i dont want a mystic telling me how the universe works. If someone has a good idea, ill obviously consider it
I dont need to know everything about how things work
I enjoy the mystery really
But if you are wanting to die because you feel disconnected, the mystery can be less comforting than it is alienating
Im still pondering it. If it happens it will probably be spontaneous. But the thought cant and wont leave my mind
And I am trying to help you because if you were happy you would be not only that much more amazed with life but you would be such an asset to the world around you.
Do you, at the base of your being, enjoy when things are nice, good, organized, etc?
I dont remember the last time i was truly happy. Im very good at convincing myself i am
Im indifferent to that really. I suppose the answer should be yes, but its "idk"
I am telling you, what is the worst that could happen if you tried mxe? I mean, really. In relation to everything you're thinking about, what could be worse?
Nothing bad would probably happen
I just have no motivation to do that or seek it out you know
Right but let me help you because you dont want to help yourself
If you want to do that im not going to stop you
okay good
would you like to do this tomorrow?  the difference between my experience and yours is that i will hold your hand through any and all craziness that ensues, if it does
the first time i did it, nothing in life was bad anymore
nothing mattered and everything was beautiful
and that was after it wore off and lasted until forever basically
I really dont want to. But i cant figure out an exact reason. So by my own logic I should
right.
we'll do it together.
itll be fun, i promise.
i wouldnt take your meds tomorrow though, they will change the effects
or at least benzos will
also you arent going to get the ass kicking that i did because there is no acid
you wont be as shocked as i was probably
you might not be shocked at all actually
youll just feel better
i get off work tomorrow at 8.  we can go crazy then if youd like.
I need something
Ill honestly take whatever substancr you give me
If it makes me happy
Plus
okay, good.  just trust me.  you know i have your best interest at heart. no one else can say that and mean it like i do.
I know im dependent on substances blah blah
I know you do
And ill only say this once in a blue moon
You do because i love you and you love me, in a way that no one understands, and the universe has paired us off to help one another as best we can
exactly.  this is what i am here for if nothing else.  it is my mission to do all i can to help you.
let me see how available this stuff is right noe
now
martin will have some but i believe he is in huntington, but he will probably be back tonight or tomorrow
nan
i love you so much.  weve got this.
Im so addicted to coffee
I have work at 8 D:
Booooo
I know fuck
nan
That wasn't a response to this afternoon
Thats been on my mind for months
He knows this
He is upset that you guys are not friends anymore
And that I am upset by you being upset
Is this something i can apologize for? Im kind of losing control of my emotions lately and thats whats causing this
To me or to him? You dont have to apologize to me.
Bed time for me. Blah.
HI
FRIEND
I LOVE YOU
HOW ARE YOU TODAY
Im okay
How are you
I LOVE YOU TOO
just ripped josh's metaphorical and metaphysical asshole open with science and then a quote from carl sagan about human fallibility
so pretty great
i cant wait for you to come home
nan
HAHAHAHA
Oh god
my #pistons are #moisted by this #perfect10
Choo chooooo
Dude when I move I am going to be so so so happy
I thought I could remain separate from the energy of the apartment and josh but I was wrong
Or im letting it happen
Oh god
he does radiate bad vibes lol
If it were cooler outside I could escape it
Its not the bad vibes really. To me they are comforting
If it were cooler outside, I would be outside
So when he is not there it is sad
I wish I could have gone swimming somehow today
OH
Interesting
The other day I woke up and he wasn't there and I was like
Oh no
Why do I care
What have I done
Noooooo
oh no
this is no good
your too invested
*you're
Nice set up
*knocks down pins*
But yes I have become dependent on him for attention and love and I can supply that myself but not right now, I cant pull back from it until I move
that's true
Its gotten to the point where
I cannot tell if he is taking my thought suggestions but im almost sure he is
Ill think like "okay you've been on youre phone all evening turn the fucking tv on" and then it happens, which I didn't pay attention to but the 3rd or 4th time I did
I know I sound crazy but he picks up on my suggestion
interesting
your in a way
hyponotizing him
youre******8*_)))))
nan
HAHAHA
I LOVE IT
The wizard of disillusion
I believe in free will because
o hgod
We can freely switched dimensions
See
Like turning to a different page ending in a book
like that opens up a whole wasps nest of problems haha
Like the theory is sound
Hahaha
but
the idea of a multiverse can only exist under certain conditions...like us existing in multiple universes INVARIABLY
Otherwise it's just another universe with creatures veeeerryyy similar to us and we have no metaphysical connetion to them
I think we exist in all of them
And that is how when a person spiritually dies
And reawakens as another form of themselves
They normally dont even notice
Life was always the same in that dimension
Until you dont die
that's the idea if it works. That's how it would have to be
Thats how I think it be
Like seamless transition
fluidity
They dont think it be like it is but it do
#yes
When I was switching dimensions I had to close my eyes to transition and I felt a serious gravitational force like I was spinning down a drain at hyper speed
Or up a drain
Depending
DEPENDING haha
ON WHAT
LOL
You perception of your position in relation to the drain and its end and beginning?
There was no actual drain feeling, it just like DNA spins. Like all of my DNA was spinning so fast it shoved me up or down into a different plane.
that's intense and very hard for me to imagine as I have not experienced it
Pretty sure I was inside of death when this happens
Because I remembered waking up on the couch like I had been a dead body
And martin goes "dude where have you been?"
I go I CAN'T EVEN EXPLAIN IT
HAHA
YOU WERE SOMEWHERE
and hes like no dude tell me
And I was like I WAS SPINNING THROUGH DIMENSIONS
and he was like yep been there
LMAO
And then we stopped talking
been there done that
Hahahaha
That night was real life. Like the realest life has ever been.
I want acid again.
I want acid so badly but I'm also so afraid of it
It will change your life. Freely travel dimensions. I think stupid people probably cant though. You have to be able to visualize the make up of space time. I was meditating on the Mandelbrot.
I know it will thats why jt scares me
You wont be sad anymore. Just crazy. Then you can get over it
I am gonna have a heat stroke
Go where tjere is ac
Drink cold water
The more you focus on it the hotter you will get
Just relax and find something cold
I purchazed a water
Good. Drinksit
Why is every man who enjoys anal sex gay
Or at least on the spectrum haha
Its not like every girl that enjoys cunninlingus is a lesbian
Hahaha
BUTTS JUST FEEL GOOD EVERYONE SHOULD JUST ADMIT IT
EXCEPT FOR ME
Hahaha honestly it feels OK if you make it okay in your head but its mainly just about pleasing your partner lol
Yea that makes sense. It just hurts to me even if I mind/matter it. I guess im just not meant to be a bottom gay man. Dreams crushed.
J.D. Beane as...
nan
The unibomber
OH MY GOD
Hahahahaha
I live with an autistic person
Im letting that really sink in
Kevin's famous chili
I just sold weed to Josh
Hahaha
Dude do you have any you could let me buy? lol. It woul save me a lot of trouble today
Yea I have maybe a littlw bit its still that weed from weeks ago lol
that would be great
Awesome. Be there in a few. I dont have any baggies if you've got plastic wrap
I do. Cool
I want to tell you about qhat just happened
Ok
When Dwight pays Erin the scream AHHH OH MY GOD I WON AN ART CONTEST
"Now that im back doing the job of the temp again, I feel like food is one thing I can control"
Poor Ryan hahahaha
Just think about his character changes
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I now eat 5 small meals a dau
i love love love rebound ryan
the others are dicks
temp ryan in general
iiiii was just learnig to loooveee....
ahahaha
HAHAHAHA
this is the best episode
the cafe disco
"ASAPs-STAT"
so it's like a
disco cafe
not even close
You have a knot in your cresty
you have a knot in your crest
god help me
HAHAHAHA
what oh god
KNOT IN YOUR CREST
hahahaha
DWIGHT SAYS THIS TO PHYLLIS
After she hurts her back
he says
oh yes
hahaha
You have a knot in your crest WHOOOA GIRLLL WHOOAAA *feeds whole carrot to phyllis*
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
HE JUST SAID IT
in your crest
It's like so hard
oh god
to deal
HAHAHHA
oh god
CREST
HAHAHA
hahahah
remember when he tranquilizes stanley
and then like
YES\
HAHAHAHA
is trying to load him into the car
and saus
"grab him by the tender loin, near his haunces"
hahahahahahaha\
hahhahahah
"CAN WE JUST SAY ARMS AND LEGS, THAT'S THE VERNACULAR THAT IM COMFORTABLE WITH"
My favorite line
this is oil from the gland of an otter
WOAAAH GIRL WOAAAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHHAHA
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
OIL FROM THE GLAND OF AN OTTER
thats the vernacular im comfortable with hahaha
jesus hahahaah
RIGHT
HAHAHAHA
*jim in reference in waitress to dwight across table* Oh my God. Now shes up and shes trying to describe how to correctly butcher a goose, but she's having trouble coming up with it.
HAHAHAHAHA
Dwight Ok. Cindy. Yo! Cindy, Cindy! Hold its neck back, insert the knife beneath the jaw, bring it all the way around. There's gonna be a good amount of blood. But don't let that bother you. Have a bucket there. For the blood, and the innards and the feathers.
AND THE FEATHERSSSSSS
YES OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHA
THE BEST
you cant steal what is legally your property
the last horse joke
hahahaha
HAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHA
Normally I would say know, but you need to MOVE, to reduce lactic acid build up...also This is a fantastic song
a coworker asked me what tv i think of
omg
i said  the office thrre times
hahahahahhaha
still high and said know instead of know
instead of know
NO
I MEAN NO
FUCKIN SHIT
i saw that and knew
HAHAHAHA
that you didnt know
YOU MEAN
YOU NEW
it was no
HAHAHAHAHA
yes
im not a shit friend say
i didnt correct you
*so
see?
hahaha
also because you realized why I said it hahha
I wouldn't normally make that error
that is also why
i have to sleep though
sadface
Prettiest girl gets the stink sack
i dont wanna but i gotta
hahahahaa
NIGHT
saving you a trip to the store for a can of expensive molten goose greese
NIGHT
HAHAH
bai
I want to create recipes and write a book called the whole spirit diet
Hahaha I accidentally made my first curry just now
Omg haha
Niiiice bruh
Ill keep it in the back of my head until i decide to actually do it.
nan
Josh on protein
nan
nan
Hahahahaha
Hahahaha
Lowkey know
Lemme know when youre up
I am awake but robert is going to Bridgeport apparently
Well damn
How worth it is that butter it up coffee? I'm guessing  very?
Its delicious. You will be super charged.
Something very bad just happened and i meed to talk to you
Talk to me
I'm fine now
but I was in a car wreck, and got charged with driving with a suspended license and having a car with no insurnace
it was just stressful
Noooo are you okay???
I am. I responded in a wa ythat annoyed everyone though, but it made me realize something baout myself
like
it was bad
and it sucked
but
I remained totally calm, flat, and uninterested
that is who i have become now
faced with tragedy, flat
Well I mean
Being calm is always good
You didnt panic
And im glad
Wanna hang out
yes
Yah
we have AC
Oh my gosh
it feels good
Oh lawd
Omw
There is no parking. Want to go somewhere and do something? Im outside
nan
Yeah break time
Dammit let me come back my phone wasn't working
Wait outside ill be just a sec
Oo
K
You sent an attachment.
HAHA
Yes
this book I am reading just said: ..heels together, toes splayed
THE UNIVERSE LIKES THE WORD SPLAYED
nan
Jesus christ
un fucking believable
BLEW ON BY
you were at a green light
in a car
the fuck
She's psycho
Christ
dude I couldn't handle that shit
holy god
YOURE BLOCKED
Thats why I dont spend time with her
yeah i figured
So im dealing with increasing circulation issues in my legs because I stand up all day at work
And its kind of bothering me anxiety wise
I told my mom about that text because I'm drunk and she said you can be on her life insurance policy and get 50 bucks
That would bother me as well
Hahaha
God I dont want to have health issues
i know
you are horrified of it
I am
I am trying so hard to be healthy
Makes me want to not work
I know I am sorry
life is ruff
disneys life is ruff
Just means another thing for me to work on getting over
Like
I am laying down with my legs propped up
And they are still swollen
that's really weird
your body is very reactive/sensitive
at least
because of that
your vigilant
I think it is heat related
Partially
When I sit in my car the veins on the back of my thighs get itchy and swollen
Because of the heat
Damn
Yeah thats def intense reaction
I wamma chill with robert pretty bad at this point
(In my mind hes evolved from bob into robert)
He is robert now haha
And yes so do I
But I guess he is busy
My mom had been drinking and came home and we had a bonding moment over people wasting their time on organized religion and looking for ultimate end goal satisfaction and doing this by punishing themselves
Nihilism is hereditary
Hahaha she's such a great lady
But I really dont know how I am going to continue continue exist here Michael
She like gets it, as much as is possible for someone her age haha
Explaij
I cant live through this weather
It is hurting me
I know to an extent
But you are suffering
I have no idea what to do about this
Google trouble shoot this bitch
Im sure heay sensitive people have organized
Liken think about it hahs
An ac unit would help.
Everyone has organized
Yes they have
I just want to cry
Im so upset
:(
Noooooo
I have to stop smoking
It is probably contributing
Is it hot outside?
not so much hot as humid
Im going to go outside and see if walking can help
want to go on a walk? or is this a solo mission
Yea lets go on a walk
Ill meet tou halfway
I'll meet you on your stret in a couple min
Okay awesome
Im walking your way now
You know what instrument I really dont care about
The fucking mandolin
hahahaha
Im serious
Came home to mandolin music last night and it made me actually angry
HAHAHAHAHA
What the actual fuck
If you have gas money we can go to the coal and swim
I do!!
I have to go to the market first
The market?
Yes thw farmers market because I already committed to being a hipster douche for the beginning portion of the day
Yuck lol
I know
But
At like 4 we will go, a little before
If you want
Cool beans
Okay yay
Josh bought a box of sesame sticks
And is literally just eating them by the handful
Help me
HHAHAHAH
Im dying
Oh god
On the phone shoveling in food
Like
Stop
He kept offering to buy me a soda
And I cant be like I WANT FOOD
So im sort of hungry now
Omw
Hunter called you.
Im being treated for lyme disease.
Oh my gosh
I may not have it
They cant test this early for it
Doxycycline?
Yes
Thats protocol
Hopefully its nothing
I mean I do work around ticks
So who knows
Thats true
I feel like ive got something dangerous
Im tingly and exhausted and swollen
Oh no
Maybe it is lyme disease
I think that it is. It makes sense.
Im worried and there is no one to take care of me
You
I just dropped thr biggest truth bomb on twitter lol
i feel detached from my physical body
So do I
Last night fucked me up
Im so off today
i cant tell how much is hangover and how much is disease
josh is a prick
hes going to ambers tonight
while im at home super sick and almost immobile
head ache
uggh meningitis
am i going to die
Do you want me to make you grass fed soup
Please laugh at my joke
And also know that in extending an olive branch
Haha
I made a sweet potato
Yum
My body feels so weird
Should I just kill myself now
I know what you mean
And nah
Not cathartic enough
You're right. I have to wait.
Im afraid ill become paralysed in bed and wont be able to cut my wrists
Or something
My mom just told me that im the sole  beneficiary to her life insurance
Hahaha
She was like
I trust no one
Must be nice. My mom took me off hers, come to think of it
Hahaha
Lemon disease
nan
I want to smack him into tiny little pieces
oh god
he like
is unwilling to converse with you
hes a child
I asked him if he understands what I am saying
And he does not
Its not even that he is actually offending becauae he cannot understand
He is a fucking idiot
Socially retarded
Autistic
WHY
god
idk
this is frustrating
like if rather
id rather
him just oppose you
That would be great but he cannot form a proper argument
he cannot
I am going to be so so so happy when I can be myself again. When I lived with mike i could hide away and be alone and fix my issues. I cant do that here
no you don't have the mental or physical space
living at dads would be better but if i can hold off until i move to ohio it would be best for my animals.  tomrrow i will see how long until i move.
yeah that's probably
yeah
just wait a sec
take s tep back
and see if you can handle this a bittt longer
yea youre right. i just have to consciously think to keep to myself. i dont have to form any sort of energetic alliance with josh all of the time. i can be separate from him.
you can
you can metahpysically separate from him
haha
put up a psychic wall of sorts
shayn always tells me that i need to work on my shield
because as funny as it sounds
its very true
it is
I do too honestly
its because we want to radiate love, because we think everyone ought to
but unfortunately not everyone does
almost no one does
so we have to keep on our toes
it's sad
i know
this is why i would like to go live on an island or something
where everyone is a spiritual giant
no one has bad will
that would be pleasant
i think that as alternative ideas become more mainstream we will see a shift in awareness
already no one trusts our government
which is great
but it's only a start
people need to question more than just power structures
they need to question themselves
their own structures
INSIDE
hahaha
i love you so much for what you are aware of and feel
i just wish you were happy
I wish I was too. I'm not even depressed. I'm just....unhappy. And the shitty part about this for me is there is no such thing as an antisad pill.
i think you have bad living environments
and they are keeping you upset
I think that has to be part of it
i think isaac is a large part of it to be honest
you have invested so much into him
with no return
That is accurate.
you keep paying him more and more of yourself
at what point do you just disappear?
maybe some part of me wants to disappear or I wouldn't be doing this to myself
no
I just want to be loved
like anyone else
hes making you want to give him more of yourself. you normally would not stand for this.
I know I wouldn't
I would scream towards you for this (scream at sounded too violent)
i started crying in my car earlier for "just wanting to be loved"
and i remember sometimes that
the most fulfilling love is of yourself
i know that sounds crazy but its true
that is accurate
I like
try and convince myself that I love me
but I'm not sure that I do
you only dont when you think of yourself based on others' opinions
but I can't form an opnion of me without the opinions of others
"i like myself but i remember this person calling me ugly once so i better factor that into my self image"
no, you can
you can look inward
then I'm just making things up
wait
i can do that
and thats fine
remember that everyone around you is a product of your filtered perception
we almost never see things as they truly are
you have to take a break from emotional observation
I am aware of these things
it's just hard to abandon like
being selectively objective
like subjectivity feels nice
and it allows me to filter my environment, even to torture myself
you only want to torture yourself because others have convinced you that you deserve it.  your feelings about your gender identity probably also factor in
I hate that I can't practice what I preach
it causes me such distress
the first step is just doing
identify what you need to do, the first step
and do it step by step
ok
I need to do things for me
not for other people
that's the thing I want to accomplish
because a huge fraction of what I do
is to please others
Absolutely.  Its okay if you disconnect from others for awhile. You dont owe the your happiness.
see like
Them
I tell peoeple that all of the time
but It's hard for me to DO
but I'm gonna try
do not try
DO
haha
but for real
i always tell myself to work at something until i am done
dont let anyone keep you from it
I shant
do you want to go for a walk in a bit?
i'm relaxing right now. just let me no soon so it doesn't get too late
okay.  i will do dat. good for you relaxin :)
I'm glad I get to work on the tween ward tomorrow, as absurd as that word is
You know what would make me ultimately happy
wut
getting a gigantic education, growing up some more, and sitting at home with three kids teaching them all about philosophy and science
oh my god that would be the best
Get your free pancakces, they are delicious, they are nutritious, they are complimentary
got this run down here for ya
may have elaborated in some areas
you weren't prepared for
hahahaha
I'll do ya one better
a lsip of paper
haha
hahahaha
top o the morning to ya
green eminems
"eminems"
*knocks*
hahahahaha
you have to stop
it is the closest that the irish will ever get to christmas
HAHAHA
megadesk
hahahaha
josh has a megadesk
oh god
GETTING
MORE
MEGADESK
oh god
uberdesk
i think the little mermaid vhs dick
is a farce
HAHAHAHAHA
OH MY GOD
hahahahaha
does charles know hes compromising my attack readiness
hahaha
can we get some like
dwight tattoos
or something
yes
what would we get
because the office is truly integral to our being
I'm not sure
TRY AND MENTION HOW YOU DISTRUST WOMEN
"IM NOT GONNA DO THAT"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHa
hahahahaha
we should get tattoos of dwight and michael
that says
BEST FRIENDS FOREVER
hahahahaha
yes.
yes we should.
i have a very small surplus of money coming in from my ef ticket
and i want a tattoo
but
mach ihn fertig
i dont want people to know i spent money on a tattoo
ya know?
YEP
HAHA
like
money guilt
what even is that
its my money
captialism
AND I WANT IT NOW
like thats a real concept
btw
hahaha
but anyway
HAHA
i'm playing with google translate
oh yes
and I have a new favorite phrase
good clean family fun
mach ihn fertig!!!!!!
(finish him, in german)
HAHA
thats such a germanic phrase anyways
I was like going between french and german
trying to say different phrases
and I realized
I don't have the larynx to speak french
seriously
HAHAHA
damn
harsh
youre italian so
maybe thats why
maybe so
if you wanna walk it's gonna need to be pretty soon dawg
geben Sie mir alle Ihre Frauen und alle Ihre Gold. Ich werde dich vor deiner Familie zu erledigen. Sie werden nie das Licht des Tages wieder sehen. Ich bin der Omega .
lemme eat dis salad and then we will
ok
you couldnt handle my undivided attanetion
My phone is gone
damn it
it broke
noooo
how?
I'm not sure
it just wont charge anymore
I can't afford a new one
hm =/
well
im not sure how i can help
I don't think you can haha
maybe trade your laptop for the time being?
pawn it until you get a new paycheck
So I just got it to turn on? but the battery isn't chargingot's resting at 0%
holy shit it's the battery
oh no
take it to a repair shop
i just need a new battery
i think
oh okay
not a huge deal then
right?
the thing is
is the side of the charger thats frayed is the one that i use
the charging port
is usb 3.0
and has two ports basically
I only use one of them
I think if I get the usb 3.0 charger the other side may be able to charge it
oh shit well
try that
asap
i bet it works for you
I messaged isaac this
hahaha
"hey. I'm fairly certain you haven't, but if you have tried to contact me, my phone is broken."
hahaha
hes an assclown
are you at the vet?
If not, I propose that I buy us both a coffee, so you will be energized to work and I will be energized to study
i work tomorrow but i cannot drink coffee, i have been feeling very much in need of rest, i have not showered or left the house today. i work 12 hours tomorrow and i cant miss again
oh my god
you missed work?
SHIT dude
i do want to hang out for a bit though and i have a bag of laundry
yes
i had to
ok
heart issues, joint pains, swelling
then you can come by with your laundry and we can chat while it goes
god :/
yea no fun at all
i am feeling on the mend though
i still need to shower and finish picking out a "heady hand blown glass pendant" on etsy
HAHA
OK
I fucked around with the inside of my phone
and it's charged to two percent
I am a computer scientist
usually
with chronic lyme disease
9/10 times it's another chronic illness, or a series or illnesses. Doctors use it as a copout. There have been numerous double blind studies on this, no evidence suggesting than lyme disease is a chronic illness exists. In fact, they just put you on antibiotics for the rest of your life and you probably will build resistance to antibiotics and get even sicker from a treatable bacterial infection because of antibiotic abuse.
wtf
well
thats good i suppose
I'm getting so pumped about this online course I'm taking on gender and race identity. I have an idea for a brilliant paper haha
iam excited 4 u
i got 2 necklaces
lemme show u
Yay
let's see
https://www.etsy.com/transaction/1040556793?campaign_label=transaction_buyer_notification&utm_source=transactional&utm_campaign=transaction_buyer_notification_010170_10529880387_0_0&utm_medium=email&utm_content=&email_sent=1434836149&euid=OFQ1wisz4zKdZTEeedrTMGjibjxR&eaid=2451848288&x_eaid=b879e89bbe
https://www.etsy.com/transaction/1038702658?campaign_label=transaction_buyer_notification&utm_source=transactional&utm_campaign=transaction_buyer_notification_010170_10529880387_0_0&utm_medium=email&utm_content=&email_sent=1434836354&euid=hxMPsFjXCg2pqWBqZK35yLuA838C&eaid=2451848288&x_eaid=b879e89bbe
HAHA
I CANT SEE IT
BECAUSE IT WAS SOLD
LOL
dammit
gimme a sec
nan
that's awesome
nan
WHOA love that
i knowww
the pendants on etsy are SO CHEAP i fyou spend a couple of hours hunting them
both were 35 a piece
like WHAT
i started feeling painful again so i am going to rest some more and then come over when im not going to hurt myself
i dont know if i should try working tomorrow
oh my
what's really going on? there has to be a psychological element to this
no there really isnt. i am relaxing and resting
this is actually physical
i need to get out of the apartment
but i am also in pain
i wonder what you actually have like for real
like you may have lyme
but it's unlikely without a giant target looking tick bite
you still could
i have that weird arm bite you saw
plus
a huge swollen bite on my leg
that's true
however
it always presents like this
http://hardinmd.lib.uiowa.edu/pictures22/cdc/9873_lores.jpg
I want to know what you have so you can treat it
you need to teleport into a medical tv show haha
but i was reading and there are other tick bacteria that have similar symptoms but no bulls eye
with how many bug bites i have
that has to be it
and its this fucking apartmentr
i wake up with bites
ewwwww
EWWWWW
CHRIST
yep
i NEED to move
you do that's so gross
like
home isn't supposed to be the woods
you don't wake up with bites
It would be nice if I didn't
Im just in a horrible environment and I think it may be making me sick as well
that is probably a big part of this
I couldn't live there
I've felt greyness every time i've been inside that place
Doesn't it feel like
Stagnant
yes
Dying
like fundamentally
stagnant
I hate it
I cant tell Josh
Like
Your home is sad
I cant deal with it
Its too bleak
hahaha
I told my dad I want to move back in with them until I go to school
And I really dont want to be around them but
Its healthier
true
there's some saying to accompany that
i just don't remember it
*saying*
Something about beggars and choosers
something like that
Drinking kool aid
Something
Im about to finally shower and get dressed
I dont want to be here anymore
We just got a lot of food
and bottles of water
Yayyy
I need to eat all of my food before I move
I dont want to move my food
I don't want to move out at all
Fuck
fuck
I am not good at working because I cannot recharge at home
if you ever want to crash on my couch, where it's 68 degrees and comfy, you totally can. lol
That sounds sublime. I may do that.
oh my god this paper I'm writing is going to be like my magnum opus
I'm getting a prefrontal cortex erection
which is funny
because the physiology is the same
Hahahaha
Thats actually hilarious
Good jerb
Showering now
Yesss
sweet
Headed yer way
Mikel
Hi
I slept for 12 hours haja
Good!
Want to go to the health food store with me?
Let me get my shit together and sure. I cant be out for long though.
Okay, I just need to get some things from there and Sally. Let me brush muh teeth and ill head over
Oky vool5
Im out hea
Could I get a xanax later? New job tomorrow and josh is going to come home late and try to wake me up
An ativan may work better. My xanax are Extended Release. It's your call though
They're low mg arent they?  Ativan makes me hallucinate
the ativans are 0.5mg and the xanax are 1mg
Okay. Ill take a xanax if its no trouble. Still have to go see my dad
ok
Thanx Fran
My mom took my freeZer food
I left it in the house amd she won't let me get it
I hate her
wtfffffffFFFFFFFffff
Want to go to kroger?
god yes
free me from this
Almoat der
Hey are you home?
Im in kc but my grandma's about to take me home in 2 min
Awesome
Be home in about 4 minutes (on my way)
Be there in 10
i am writing an essay
3 pages so far
on what topic?
on why child rapists are not technically deserving of prison
Oohhhhhhhh okay
you're gonna have to show me this
that's a rather random topic lol
josh gave it to me, which is incredibly odd. i asked for a topic to write on. that was his first answer.
thats an unpopular opinion
should a psychopath not go to prison just because his reduced limbic system lessens his capacity to understand the implications of killing?
im not looking at this from a neurochemical point of view
the argument im making
is basically
it requires great bad to perceive great good
okay, that's fair. In what context is this relevant to a child rapist though?
"How can any figure be seen as Christ-like if there is no devil to be found?"
So the are a necessity. We need them to know what is good.
That's fair.
my second point is
there is nothing scientifically wrong with them on a very base level
it takes all types of cogs to run a machine
if we were all perfect and godly
nothing would work
That's true
we would all sit together and do nothing
However, I still don't see why he shouldn't go to prison.
This dichotomy is important
but how does this enforce the idea that bad should not be punished?
and by bad I mean
the rapist is interfering with the child's perception of reality. They don't have one yet really.
So bad is necessary
but should it be ignored? Does good not also have implications?
do we not reward those who do extreme acts of good?
to truly be a binary it needs to be equal on both sides; punish the bad as severely as you reward the good
if we want to construct concepts of anything being bad or good
haha
he shouldnt go to prison because he should be killed, because that is the view i was told to argue
BAD VIEW
he should stop existing
this is hard
no good, no bad
just gone
So like
the issue with that
is killing someone for doing something perceptually bad accomplishes nothing. In fact you amy even be freeing them.
exactly
A tangible punishment such as imprisonment makes more sense
they deserve to be freed
because it is not their fault that they are this way
This is a very deterministic argument
So things are the way they are because of some predeterminate force?
well the entire thing is to make a point
no
sort of
That's what you're saying haha
the predetermined force is
that
everyone is different
fundamentally? or on a small scale?
genetically, due to existing variables
Difference can't be a predetermining factor. Something would have to determine why things are different. Nothing can presuppose itself.
if you're taking the determinist way
that is
obviously there is a flaw in this because determinism is flawed
there is my flaw
but josh cant see that
this will blow his mind
yeah you can't make a valid case for this
there's too many fallacies in the argument
too many false assumptions
or assumptions not accounted for
well in the paper is say "lets assume" or whatever
just to string the reader along
the issue with that is it's a completely hypothetical argument because you're forcing the reader to make faulty assumptions
it can be a valid argument
with the provided conditions
but the conditions may be faulty
yes
i know this
haha
My favorite part of this
or rather
what I have taken away
is
"Josh has shitty opinions"
and
"Josh has internalized religious tropes and is weak"
HAHAHAHAHA
that should have been my surprised conclusion
HAHAHA
or an even better one
oh boy
"josh wants to know why he cant rape children"
which would reallyt get his goat
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHHAHA
YESSSSSSS
HAHAHAHAHAHA
"Josh lusted after his sister and mother in the phallic stage and could never separate sex from familial ties because he didn't get laid until he was 28"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OH GOD
I know that's false
OH GOD
but I needed to say it
HAHAHA
hahaha
its mostly false
dude has a dream about fucking his mom so
HAHA
ehhhh
MOSTLY
whos to say
OH GOD
VOMITTING EVERYWHERE
HAHAHAHAHAHA
you read that in his writing i sent you
remember?
OH MY GOD
YES
WHAT THE FUCK
I BLOCKED THAT OUT
HAHAHAHA
IT HAPPENED
THAT HAPPENED
the thing
i love that i write more coherently than him
although it is sad that because of me he will never be any wiser
he can never admit that i am in the right
so he can never learn the things i tell him
ignorance is bliss(?)
well i suppose it is
haha
IF I HAD KNOWN THEN WHAT I KNOW NOW
i would have been born miserable
Perhaps
I was told something interesting yesterday
"all pain is the same"
what do you make of that
theoretically yes but also no
neurochemically, no
dimensionally, maybe
I feel like
"all pleasure is the same" would have to be valid for "all pain is the same" to be valid
and that is not the case
so it negates that option
yes
exactly
people and their stupid concept of universals
THEY DONT EXIST
they just dont
life would be so much easier if they did
right
"push this button and this thing happens"
it doesnt work like that
i am sad
is it because
i have not quit the vet yet and am lying to them
or because i live in this apartment
or because i took a xanax about 24 hours ago
or because i have to go to bed soon
wait
why would the xanax make you sad
everything else makes sense
haha
i would assume slight withdrawal
maybe, but probably not
if you took any more than that
probably
I've had benzo withdrawal before. I don't think there is anything worse to experience drug wise haha
i have too haha
fever, sweta
ITS SO BAD
HAHA
sweats
want for death
sweta
yes
hahaha
matts friend listening to "the screamo band: we came as romans"
I love everything
haha
oh gos
d
hahaha
does matt listen to garbage too?
no
matt is clueless about musi
c
he sometimes listens to country music
hahahaha
let me guess
RIGHT
HHAA
because of your "grandmother"
no my grandmother doesn't like music
HAHAHA
LOLOLOLOL
what the he;;
ll
she is like
well
who doesnt like music
she is the same way with cinema
she like
the devils air vibrations
doesn't have the attention span to REALLY enjoy ANYTHING
my mom said she's always been like that
she can't recount movies
songs
because she literally "can't even"
HAHA
your mom
is a 20 year old white girl
no wait
grandmother
also maybe mom sometimes
*pops gum bubble*
*90s goth pose*
"mom you'll never understand me"
HAHA
*colors hair with pink sharpie*
josh
oh wait
thats chizalk
oh my god
whats wrong with me
the devils in me
hahahaha
i JUST found that stuff
the pink hair stuff
on the bathroom counter
i wonder if he "got wyld" today
HAHAHAHAHA
I feel like
Now this is out of nowhere
WAIT
NVM
OMG HAHAHAJA
WHAT
TELL ME
I just realized i cant make sexsumptions about josh because you can actually confirm or deny them and i dont really wanna knoe
YES
i can
and i will
because i have no shame
what is shame
shame is the opinion of someone i dont like making me feel bad
which i do not allow
BRING IT ON
This kid i went to hs with at cap got arrested for beating up a baby
WHAT
HAHAHA
jesus
refer to
my paper
he should be killed
the office fixed my blues
barbecues
It always does
i know why im "depressed"
this apartment is only salvageable with josh here
and i havent gotten to see him
and wont get to for awhile
Thats probably it haha
i have to guilt him into spending time with me
or i need to leave instead
Either or
haha
"itll all be goat"
Yes
nan
nan
nan
nan
nice thumb
Hahahahahahaha
*aside* "thumb whore"
HAHAHA
im so funny i know
GIVE ME YOUR LAFFS
THATS ALL I WANT
Look at this dude who tweeted at me. Hes a modern day goth.
nan
IVE SEEN HI,
HIM
SCOWLING
Hahaha
ON HIS OKCUPIS PROFILE
HAHSHAHA
TROLLING WITH HIS MOTOR
FOR FISH
NOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOO
HAHAHAHAHA
yep
i swerr
*swerve*
Zach hatfield damn it
Swerve
thats his name
swerve
Thats not my name
Thats not my name
They call me garbage
I WAS WAITING FOR IT
HAHA
They call me hentai
they call me garbage
hahahahaha
I am laughing rn help
i cant help you
Hello i am teen titans hentai
u r byond help
HAHA
Aka the most notorious hentai on the web
ITS EVERYWHERE
NO
NO THANKS
APPRECIATE IT
PAL
Hahahahahahahaha
Got dam
but im totally down for xenohilia
dug
doug
doug funny
Doge
Doge funny
Who was it that wouldnt quit with the doge memes
our chromecast has been changed to
much casting. wow.
so you guess
HAHAHAHA
i know
so charming
Matts playing gamelofts spiderman on the ps4
Can we like
Attach the company name to everything
Like disneys
MEOW
MEOW
MEOW
WOOF
yes
Im going to have one of chiquitas finest bananas
While talking to you on my samsung galaxy note 3
tell me more about what i already know
psh
Im browsing the web on my macintosh
get out of here
apples rot
duh
psh
plebe
psh
heh
Im using my alans hands to reply to you
HAHAHA
do you have any wrecnhes
like
an alans wrench
are you alan's wench?
do you have henchmem
memes
MEMESSSSS
I have a craftsman
HAHA
of course u do
rookie mistake
never buy american
Should have gone with the festool
Wanna see something funny
yes
nan
Heterosexual ensemble TM
TM
HAHAHAHAHA
I love that term and the trademarking
it made me laugh perty h4rd
I love the term brooding
i do as well
so i found who i want to be
http://metro.co.uk/2015/03/10/pot-pinup-introducing-cannabis-chef-and-weed-activist-mary-jean-dunsdon-5096044/
These images are golden
Hahaha
i love her
Like retro 50s housewife images but like with weed
i know
me pls
i will take one
i just realized
my gender is so situational
the reason i am male mentally so much
is because being male takes less energy
and while i am not in the best environment i cannot waste energy on feminine charm
interesting
That makes sense really
i wish i could be girly all of the time
its a dream of mine really
to have someone take care of me
while i just exist as best i can
I dream of killing all animals, by my hand
All while wearing pleated khakis and a button down
711 pizza sauce all over me
Vaping
HAHAHAHAHA
Im covered in processed tomoto
no u r not
Its like the blood of my cat
That i just killed
And lapped up
He is liquid now
he is
in a
liquid languid state
Dwight: What form does water usually fall in? Solid, liquid, or gas?

Stanley: *begrudgingly* "liquid"
HAHAHAHA
MENS ASSES
I USED YOUR COLGATE TOOTHPASTE
oh god
that guy
hahahaha
I am the worlds tallest woman
no ur not
with your dainty hands
get out
I smoked a clove cigarette at a party in college once
#honestyhour
#clove cigarettes
OH MY GOD
NEW THING
Clove cigarettes
yesssss
remember when we like
i don't even have to
BLACKS
DO YOU HAVE ANY BLACKS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I CANT BREATHE
THAT WAS A PHRASE WE USED
TALKING ABOUT CLOVE CIGARETTES
i remember when we talked about them without irony
how ironic
*teens*
sad teens
yo
do you have any *blacks* on you
*is beaten to death by social justice warriors from tumblr who smoke reds exclusively*
HJAHAHA
RACE WAR CIGARETTES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"whats your favorite color?"
"whats YOUR favorite color?" *bigotted wink*
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH
SAY IT BITCH
I DARE YOU
SAY IT
hahahahahahahaha
B****
My favorite color is pumba
what is bam margera now
50
60?
so I found what bam margera is doing now
and I'm trembling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=48&v=7Vj9V_pX8yw
HAHAHAHA
Hes like josh's age so
Yes
OH MY GOD
JOSH MARGERA
Oh my god
This is
This cannot be real
Oh god the drop
HAHAHAHAHA
ITS SO BADDDDDD
OH MY GOD
RIGHT
I found this
listen up
I found this
I cannot
in a Vice Interview called
I literally cannot
"where the fuck is bam margera now"
and he's all like
I'm doing a lot of music now
HAHAHAHA
This
MUSIC
Fuck off bam
You disgrace
I pulled up to the gas station
and the band "woe is me" was there, getting gas
Hahahaha
With bam margera
I hated that show as a kid
viva la bam
I pretended to like it
because everyone else did
but it was UTTER SHIT
Like the only comical thing about it
was don vito, just existing
I loved it because I was bored with life
remember when don vito was like speaking spanish
and said like
"touch the breasts" in spanish
or something
Molesta la breatuses
YES
why do i know that
i loved that show
omg
my sister is literally making up quotes from my mother on the internet
Oh my god
Hahah
I told my mom
Amd she ran up the steps
Shouting
What the hell
Leave me out of your life
HAHAHA
THE CINEMA OF THE UNSETTLING
HAHAHAHAHAHA
It is VERY unsettling
I love that film
IS THAT MY GRANDMOTHER
Hahahaha
Josh thinks im drunk
Because I stopped filtering myself
Explain
nan
haha youre just being silly
are you usually just business professional with him
Halfway yes
Tell me if you find one of my ear rings
I cannot find mine
I will
did you wear them today?
Yes
Cannot find one of them
I'm guessing
gym
Fuuuuck
Moving om
Ill get new ones
my sister and I are subtweeting eachother
HAHAHAHA
I just lowkey called her a psychopath
I have to sleep I am sorry
SLEEEEEEP
In heavenly peace
Hey are you awake
I cannot sleep help
Thanks for coming to visit me today!!!
Mhmm!
I just learned I make 10/hr cash and get one meal a day and unlimited coffees. I am NEVER quitting.
omg
that's like crazy
I know. I have a dentist thing and maybe other stuff and then we will hang out before I go to bed
ok cool
Can I sleep on your couch tonight? Josh kept me up until fucking 5 am.
yes you may
thats insane
5 am?
god
I wen to sleep at 11:30 haha
Okay you're the best.  My only concern is your sister hood ratting around until the dark morning but eh josh is way fucking worse
On his computer. On his fucking computer.
Well
about that
tonight
my mom and i are like cracking down on her
shes been insufferable
so we're removing her door from its hinges
and barring her friends and boyfriend from coming over
haha
HAHAHA
The works
Giving her the whole nine yards
The smack down
I'm fighting with rami
over his bullshit
Let me see
He likes a post you tagged me in
The nerve
he thinks hair is an extension of the nervous system
like the whole hair
like it can feel pain
therefore
you shouldn't dye or cut it
HAHAHAHA
now I'm explaining
why looking directly at the sun
ritualistically
is harmful
@God why you testin me
Hahaha
Dude so
Im in gabes checking out
Josh has pool noodles
In talking to the cashier
Hahahahahahahahahaha
She says josh looks like a little boy with the pool noodles
He turns to us ans says "what"
He doesn't even swim
Hes 40 whys he buying noodles anyway
Oh right
For his kids
I say "she said it looks like youre enjoying the pool noodles"
And she goes "nice cover up"
Hahahaha christ
I thought it was seriously perfect
And I couldn't stop laughing
Because he does look like a little kid
I hate josh so much
Whys he buying fucking noodles
Lmfao
He goes to the pool with amber
To shove in his ass
Ohhh yeah he does!!
I forgot
Dude hahahaha
I said
Youre going to come home from that pool party
Covered in bruises and shame
Hahahahaha
OMFG
Bruises and shame
When he thrashes in the night, hell be so sore
Can I Please have a xanax
For my body's sake
Duh
Ive got many to spare
Let the bodies hit the
Hahahaha
FLOOOOOOOOOOOOOR
Holy shit
You can send cash via fb messenger
I saw that haha. Im on my way over.
Here
Ill brb. Im in kc at rite ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyYYyyyyD
Okay. Just had an argument with josh and im sort of upset.
Tell me about it when i return
Okay.
Have you left?
Checking out now
Do you want this my mom ordered it by accident and it looks awesome
nan
Haha
YESYWSYWSYES
Yesyesyesyesues
Matt is selling some of his geckos and if you help him he said would split the profits with you
Id gladly help. Which ones?
All of them except kratos. Hes completely disillusioned and overwhelmed haha
Because of sonny?  Tell him I will teach him.  I will spend time with him.
He fucking didnt remove the tail (his own fault) and found maggots. Hes not up to the challenge I don't think
Wtf did he remove it? Pull of the maggots
It will heal if it isn't too far gone
yeah he disposed of it
finally
I love that gecko
he just has totally lost interest
Is it infected? And you see?
but that's matt
no it's not
Can*
it was the tail that fell off that had maggots in it. He didn't dispose of it when it fell off
Oh okay. Woo. I can help if I ha e good sunlit photos
that can be arranged
haha
Wicked haha
nan
*doesn't reply*
what
Right
Hes a baby
I don't get it
30 minutes almost between textts
no reply
If he responds he loses power.
Shoild I say thislm
I am not your kid, and you can stop acting like you are trying to avoid "rewarding bad behavior" for now responding to my feels.  And remember, I am not trying to attack you. I am trying to get you to understand why you are able to level with me.
Yes
at first I thought no
but the last part seals it
*FEELINGS
HAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
FEELS
i always end with im not attacking you
I love that
Like you cant always play victim
because it's like
I'm no trying to be mean, but that shirt looks bad on you. I'm not trying to criticize you, but your idea is stupid. I'm not trying to hurt you, but youre worthless.
It's like, yes you are, but you said you aren't, so it's ok
so he can't say anything
Yes hahahha
I love thia argument style
it's so passive aggressive
An attack is defined by intent
yes
Technically
without intent
you can't classify it as an attack
Hahahahaha
Master level shit right there
I have my masters degree
In conversation
This guy
Cant wait to be free of the idiot fist
hahahaha
Like
I am not a pet
And I am smarter than you
a childs play thing
Are you home?
Im in kc at my grandmothers rn
Fuuug
Josh is hiding from me
And I dont want to be in the apt
Ill be home at 330. Just gotta wait for my mom to get off
Want me to come get you?
If you want. I just got out of the shower but i should be ready in 10 minutes
Kay
Outside homie
You home?
Yep!
Come outside homie. We can gym.
One sec
this is my coworker
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10202052191806820&set=a.1367776314933.2050999.1247447345&type=1&theater
he is fantastic
he is cute
AND PLAYS MUSIC
AND GOES TO MU
AND EATS WHAT I EAT
HMM
MMMMMmmmMMmmmMMMMmmMmMmMMM
mmmMMMMm
hahaha
nan
i literally groaned
I WANT TO MURDER HIM
he is THE WORST
THE WORST
his head looks like an egg
HAHAHAHA
YES IT DOES
a nice plump organic chickens egg
that we will devil
and fill with avacado
MmmMMMMM
hahahahaha
I want to do that
Im going to mention that to my boss after we make it
I bet people will eat them
I bet so
we need to give it a trial rrun for sure though
OH YEA DEFINITELY
itll be fantastic
we should do that tomorrow
if youll grab avocado and eggs ill ring spices and whatnot
Sounds awesome!
woo!!!
hey yo
Hi
what it do
Hair dye. Currently stuck inside because of such
because of and such
Listening to michael jackson
U no
dancing#
I want a cigarette 
Dammit
me too
hahaha
what color are you doing
Purple cyan and lime yeeeeeh boy
limes
Memes
what cant I hold all these limes
Why cant I hold all these memes
You know who I am not impressed with
David attenborough
the dude from the bbc???
hahaha
Yes
Steve irwin is better
He is
Josh won't shut up about dudes BBC interviews
The guy never even touches a crocodile
Wimp
I don't even want to hear josh's opinions
here's why
He is an idiot. He is just a consumer of material. He can't think critically about anything he sees. He's just a cog. An average joe. A farmer. His opinions are the product and result of someone else's opnions.
HAHA that is fucking accurate 
Jesus
So sad too
very sad
haha
I am going to wash my hair then we should walk somewhere
sounds godot
I mean godot
doeg
fuck
sounds glud
sound waves
Hahahaha
cosmis
samus
Leaving in a sec
ok
Walking or driving?
On your porch.
http://www.spiritscienceandmetaphysics.com/scientists-claim-that-quantum-theory-proves-consciousness-moves-to-another-universe-at-death/
hunter please text me back. I am panicking
hey
Hey
what's up
just got done throwing away bags of trash that amber had been hoarding
i dont even know her but she is filth
I don't know her even further, and I would agree lol
haha
so whats up with you?
nothing. Just debating whether I should go see the fireworks in the name of ritual, or just not go
where are those? and when?
the levveeeeeee 930
note how I lowkey forgot how to spell levee and covered it up
hahahahahaha
wonderful
let me debate for a minute
Ok
because that would be a social experience
which i do enjoy
That is an enjoyable thing
i knew it
josh is going
with his family
oh lord
oh gods
we have to do this
DO WHAT
WHATS HAPPENING
I FORGOT WHAT WE WERE TALKING ABOUT
hahahaha
SCROLL UP
OH YEAH
hold on
thanks god for metadata
duh
meta
data
betta
fish
hanging
on
a
china
dish
that was delightful
thank you#
im a rapper# noew
so who do you want to debate with? josh? before he leaves?
BEST RAPPER ALIVE
BEST RAPPER ALIVE
hahaha
BRA
BRA
hahahaha
BRA STATUS
id like to go around 10 or so if you wanna walk with me
i dont like sky bombs
your girl with the round ass, pink bra, with the front clasp, fucked her, shes got no class
big sean
why
he's inside my head
get out
hahahaha
GET OUT
OUT
POUT
DOUBT
Finish him @barakHUSSEINobama
HAHAHA
Today I really tried to be queer but I ran out of gay clothes and had to dust off my Heterosexual Ensemble. I couldn't even stand broodily in the background as someone's quirky gay sidekick making sassy remarks
that's going to make me laugh forever
oh my god hahahaha
meta data betta fish
Metamagician
metawiccan
warlock#stats
mana for dayyys
you're finished.
*bows*
*salad fingers voice*
Some where ov er, the rain bow
*clears throat*
NO THIS IS ALL WRONG
ITS ALL WRONG MARJORIE
hahaha
im listening to the spotify playlist
"rap caviar"
hahahaha
that sounds like trash
is it awesome
lol
its not really bad
im on song one
haha
I'm on song e
I just finished song 
get out
no way
about to hit song . aiming to reach - before dusk
HAHA
song infinity
song NEGATIVE infinity
is ur mind blown
mine is
wide open
*passes football to you*
GO
THE 20
THE 10
THE 5
TOUCHDOWN HUNTERS TEAM
*hunter begins to vape and dance*
god wht is wrong w/me
HAHA
mind garbage
thats what
is kendrick lamar the best rapper alive?
"yes"
He's very very very good
he channels so hard
i saw him on SNL
with black contacts
dude his music is like RAW
it's so gritty
he is pulling some straight up dimensional consciousness into his words
haha
i dig it
I'm so glad you like him
just started listening to his stuff
GOOD
section 80 is like the realest shit
thats what i started with haha
YES
I like it the best
i want to free style
i am getting better
tell me not to buy cigarettes. Im home alone and so bored and I want a  cigarette
dont buy them. i am not even  vaping.  we need to detox.
I haven't smoked a cigarette since monday
I'm on a roll
fuck yea dude dont stop now
help me stop too
we have to help each other
Oh god
we're
each others AA sponsors
hahahahahahahaha
yes
12 steps
one group of 12 steps
the one group is
STOP SMOKING
dont quantify the steps
just stop
smoke smoke smoke that cigarette
puff puff puff till you smoke yourself to death
hahahahaha
huffing on a fag take a drag hit the concrete
HAHAHA
omg
im on fire
huffington is a last name
huffington has the word huff in it
you huff smoke
ariana huffington did 911
huffington huffing on a fag and he puffing and coughing drag and etc etc etc
and covered it up with the huffington post
hahahahaha
hahahahahaha
AHD9!!!!!!!
AHD9!!!
ALERT
bob has been messaging me
and i dont even know what to say to him
OH
what's he saying
small talk
literally nothing
invited him on one of our night walks
hollla
is he talking about bdsm? (bible discussion & study meeting)
oh yeah?
haha
oh my god
ahahaha
so
today i bought some books
on quantum gravity
etc
Give me titles and or authors
I needa know who you readin
michio kaku!!!
YES
OK HE IS GOOD
Which of his books did you go with?
the other i cant read from across the room haha
three doors of quantum gravity?
or something
uts
the future of the mind
I haven't read that one
YES
YOU WILL LOVE THE FUTURE OF THE MIND
I AM SO EXCITED
I ALREADY LOVE IT
I mean honestly, a lot of what he says is bullshit because he's a physicist talking about neuroscience and he knows nothing about it...he quantifies consciousness and says like inanimate objects have levels of consciousness. BUT WHO CARES BECAUSE ITS SOOOO COOOOLLLLLL
his ideas on artificial intelligence are so sweet though
just wait
THATS WHAT I BELIEVE BECAUSE IM ALSO CRAZY
IM SO EXCITED
lolololol
ok
then you will enjoy it a lot
yes
i wanted a super genius to tell me im not crazy
even if he is sorta ignorant
hahaha oh well
it's validating either way right?
yes
and
Also
reality is perception anyways so
fuck it
you should read up on him more, because he literally wrote the equation for string theory. I know that string theory is something that you find interesting
i have watched some of his big think videos
i love him
string theory is my shit
It's cool af tho *crying laughing emoji*
hahahahaha
fuck
wish we had iphones
4real
just 4 emojis
I have the widget
ppraying hands
I can send emojis
hahaha
what omg
i want it
yeah
go to the playstore
its a free emoji keyboard
dayum b
I said
yeah buddy
rollin like a big shot
chevy tuned up like a nascar pitstop
fresh paint job
fresh inside
is the outside frame on the trunk wide?
are the rims big?
do it ride good?
Lean back left hand on the plywood
yees child
nan




dude
I just thought my doh
my dog
was an asian chick
on my couch
wtf is wrong with me
hahahaha
she is an asian chick though
but hey im gonna rest until go time
because im exhausted still
ok cool
bruh
bruh bruh
bruh bruh bruh
bruh bruh bruh bruh
BRUH BRUH BRUH BRUH BRUH BRUH
patches
PAYTCHES
MAYNE
Hey dude
sorry
hahaha
I had a drink or two
I am SO TIREF
Jesus
damn I'm sorry
I just tried to add josh on fb
but I think he blocked me
hahahaha
I'm going to go on a walk anyway, if you don't wanna go that's fine, but I'd like you to. Either way I'm gonna go because I've been stuck inside all day lol
I need to sleep so I dont get sick again. I've been overdoing it this week. We will do stuff tomorrow I promise
Its okay. Theres nothing i want more than your absolute health. Sleep tight pal!
Niiight friend
Hey pal, are you awake haha
Sort of
I see haha
Reading about ayurvedic foods
like indian medicine?
Cool beans
I vill share it
Ok!!!
cool
I'm glad you have such an open mind to basically everything
I've recently been in positions with  people who haven't, and it's been so frustrating
I feel on all levels
Its like
We are so lonely 
Without each othet
No one can comprehend 
Or follow
THEY CANT
and idc
I enjoy the exclusivity
the exclusion
It's like
"I'm special and you are not"
hahahaha
Yes I do very much as well
Sometimes I wonder why we have the ability to comprehend these things
When no one else can
It's special. Very awesome
I try not to overthink it
because if I do, I reduce it to knowledge that other people can comprehend
and it's something slightly different than that
You know, you're right 
Once again I feel it to be ancestral 
absolutely
Our families carry purpose and pride
And so do wr
We
or at the very least WE do hahaha
Well they were explorers
LINEAGE
They changes the game
Changed
Yes lineage haha
History is SO important
I had a conversation recently
trying to convince someone how important history is
and they disagreed
because you can't psychologically deliberate history
but history is predictive
we can figure out what's going to happen, from what happened
and why things are the way they are
from the way they WERE
Science is flawed sometimes
Yes it is
And some people fail at intuition
We can think past science
intuition picks up the slack when science isn't up to speed yet
Yes
Follow spirit science on FB
You would love their articles
No. I believe what I believe and I refuse to let anyone dictate that.I would read those articles and refute them with science. I think with science, but I feel with intuition. I don't want articles telling my how to feel, I just want them to tell me how to think. I feel indepdent of science.
I create my own reality
Well yes I also do that haha. They dont tell you how to feel. They five studies and suggestions 
But hey I am degrading
I need sleep
I know
me too
but I won't sleep
I'll just think
Sleep child
but I should try
Sleep
SLEEP
Sleeeep
g'night
Goodnight
hows movin
hey friend
i moved all my stuff from mikes today
just gotta get stuff out of josh's
Wow
staying on quarrier tonight
haha yea im motivated
Ah okay so 1 more time
well ill probably stay here in the future, i just cant live here
yeahhhhhhhh
I understand that
haha
he only stayed here for me to have a place to live
he is probably going to move in with amber
he should
honestly
that apartment is
grey
i mean, amber made the mess here. she is sickness.
she has like
a benign brain tumor
but
she is eaten up with depression over it
they feed off each other
honestly
people like that
I'm just like
fuck it
let them ruin one another
not my problem if they are masochists
my savior complex
just dies
Told him yesterday he is a masochist because of this
when people wont let me help them
Hahahag
HAHAHA
I know dude
I know!
and it's so disheartening
Hahaha
becuase all i want to do is help
It is
LET ME
Like
I HAVE ALL THE ANSWERS
Shut up and listen
Slave
HAHAHAHAHA
I am Jehovah and the witnesses
Women's soccer is on and josh is screaming at the tv
Help me
I cant deal with this
Oh god escape 
Jesus
Help me escape
I cant say
You are too Loud im leaving 
Hahaha
Hahaha
That loud
Is josh 
Like
Imagine how unnerving it would be
No
If matt was screaming YES YES at paul blart
Hahahahahaha
ITS THE SAME THING
Jesus fuck 
He has started painting his fingernails 
This is a good stop to get off 
I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS CONCEPTUALLY 
Omg
Hahahahahaha
Hahahaha
Maybe walk to the apartment and be like
Can hunter come play
Omfg
No shes taking her nap
Haaahahahaha
Would you like a juice
HAHAHA
Hahahaha
Her blanket is in the dryer 
Sorry bud
I love this hahaha
Oh god seriously he is yelling names at the tv 
Come save me please
Help
Help
AO RIVER
AO RIVER
Ao river
Im doin work. You can come by if you want tho
Dammit haha
is josh flipping out right now
shooting guns
waving an american flag
Hahaha nearly
America team go now blast
$team
Go now blast
Math time shhhh
Is Josh struggling with simple math or algebra?
by simple I mean long division and adding things
All of the aboce
I was gonna say algebra is probably fixable because a lot of people don't get it.
lol
Oh nooo haha
but like
basic arithmetic is usually intuitive
We made some good headway and he actually is decent at math, seems like he just never learned his times tables or geometry 
As i sit in class calculating the velocity of a fishing pole being reeled in wondering if its all worth it
*sighs*
Hahahaha
"Damn son what an acceleration you have on that TIGHT real. #technique"
Reel lol
Ruined#
Work is crazy
Im so stressed
Help me move later pleeease
Okay
hey
how did the moving process go?
still working on it
delivering geckos
lots to do
got damn
hunter
HEY
HI
HOW ARE YOU
I tried to call you lop
Ilol*
I am
Different 
Where are you?
Just got home
I have shayn with me. Want to go to the mall?
Nows not a good time to go places. Readjusting. Sorry pal 
You're funny honey bunches. Im high so I should not be in ya sphere prolly
Tell me what happened
I admitted myself to the hospital thursday. Now im back
All that i have to say abkut it
Is too much to type haha
Okay I hear ya. I have been having an anxiety crisis from my living space. 
Lost circulation in my limbs for days
Whys that?
Because i have to hide myself from them
And they are so chaotic
The worst people
Oh wow
I dont know what to fo
Do
I have been sleeping at joshs
Maybe...that was better...
It was. Im so dumb. But I was sick there too.
I need a place of my own.
I think thats the solution 
I dont have money for it.
Then 
Idk 
That awk moment when someome disrupts your flow state
Hahaha
Yes
nan
Have you talked to mr macbayne?
No? When/how/why would that happen lol
Oh
Wait
Like 
Hahahahahahaha
Im dying 
HAHAHAHA
Yes
Double take
But workin on that
But srsly lol 
I mean
Theres just so much I wanna know
I know
Theres so much information 
Are you feeling better at least?
Basically. Im not all here though. Doc says im good to be at home tho
I cant wait to tell you about my interaction with my therapist
You will eat it up 
I think i can go to the mall for a short bit if you still wanna
Id like to chat with you haha
Im here if you wanna show up yo
Phones about to die
Ill be at tarbucks
Ill try and be there within 15
Omw 
Okay
At Starbucks 
Be there in two shakes of a gremlins fist
Word.
Hey
Tell me you're awake
yes but not for much longer
Poop okay well
I am somehow still high
oh wow
And I do not want to fall asleep
that's intense
dude I am so sorry I wish I could entertain you
but I am passing out typing this sentences
so i will talk to you tomorrow. haha
Okay good night
Michael
I am so depressed
oh no
what can I do
Josh doesn't give a fuck about me or he is too god damned retarded to understand my feelings
I think it's the latter
I hate this place
I think we both know it's the latter
what can you say to him to change this
can you say anything?
No he is literally too retarded
I am crying
My spirit has died
I am at rock bottom
Mine has too. It's okay.
I understand.
Michael I love you so much
I love you too pal
Thank you for being around for me
I am so glad you are okay
Of course, I always will be duh
I wish I was okay
Hunter
like
I am not the same
Being in that place did something to me
I don't know if you can tell
but I'm not me
I can tell
I feel like
You are in a terrible environment 
And you need to be alone
You are around people too much
I think that may be true
I can't escape people
they consume me
the best I could do was 4 days in the hospital and even then I wasn't free from them
Thats your problem bud. Thats my problem too.
Sometimes I feel like
We should just escape
sometimes I also think that
but
"but"
I have told josh I want to kill myself
I actually
Want to kill him
Because he is so stupid
Is he really
like
that stupid
Hold on
nan
nan
he's doing the isaac thing
trying to act dark and mysterious
And like an asshole
How did we both end up with autistic beanes
I mean
Hahahaha
I have no idea
but like
What the fuck universe
in some mannor
we did
Wow
I am so irritable 
From drugs. I should have expected this. 
Josh made it even worse
You know 
Rock bottom
Is a good place to start climbing 
I know
I'm slowly clawing my way out of there
You're doing great
Thank you so much
you have no idea
no idea
how much better that makes me feel
to hear that
because
You really are. Your happiness lights up my world. 
I feel like I'm dying and I'm scared all of the time and I feel lie I can't do this
like*
I don't know
my condition just got way worse and I wasn't prepared. I started abusing alcohol and I wasn't prepared for that.
I haven't been prepared for anything
I think that the only way for us to escape these hells
The ONLY way
As nauseating as it sounds
Is to focus on the positive in life
oh boy
YUCK
you're so right though
That we can even experience pain
Sadness
I feel like
I'm on the verge of experiencing some kind of catharsis
like
"girl you about to cum" kind of edge of catharsis
like
Hahahahaha
I need to focus on what makes me happy to create happiness, and avoid what does not make me happy
or do I avoid what brings me pain?
I think there's a difference right
Avoid avoidance. Focus on doing what brings you joy and calm. 
Dont focus on what doesn't.
good point
you should take your own advice
wanna feel better about yourself
read this http://www.vice.com/read/we-talked-with-the-kid-whos-been-eating-chipotle-every-day-for-five-months-111?utm_source=vicefbus
Hahaha
read every word
seriously
I did earlier
I will.  I promise. 
it's MAGIC
squad goals
Is drinking coconut oil good for you like coconut itself is?
Oh yes it is amazing for you. Not too much though, if youre not used to it it can upset your bowels
You know
my mom bought some
I just had a swig of it
I have always needed you to help lift me up the way I try to help you when I can
What if
We worked together
As a team
Yes. Because we are unstoppable together.
I'm not a very inspiring person most times
But we cant give up. You dont have to be inspiring. You just have to not slip up yourself. 
you're right
That is inspiring in itself
You're right
Sharknado
But you have a habit of not caring
Oh yeah
You are not inspired to help yourself
there is that
I should not do that
The thing that inspires me
case and point, saying random words in the middle of conversations about serious things
i guess
what inspires you
Is magic, love, etc 
You think im crazy for that I think
love angers me
So I dont know what will inspire you
because I want it but I don't even think I know what it is
I resent it
I don't understand what the word love even means
I try so hard
in every sense you know
but like
What is it?
It has to be something if it inspires you
Love is
Acceptance
Not resentment

It means
You accept your circumstances
Your faults
I am telling you
Psychedelics would change your life
Here's what I think about that
they would probably drastically improve my psychological state and outlook on life
but I first need to get my normal brain chemistry regulated, or a disaster could follow
well
you said that
right before you tried to kill yourself
so
maybe sooner rather than later
if i were you
It's still true
i would stop taking anti psychotics
for like
a day before you do something like this
slowly wean yourself off of what you can
the les smeds youre on the better
we would have to really plan for this
Thats what im saying
I need to be weened off this stuff before I try anything new 
It would disrupt things
But for now i need it
my hands have gone blue
they are screaming at lee
he is screaming and crying
why?
jesus
he wont get a job because all of my parents have fucked him in the head
he thinks he is special
he thinks he needs adderral
he sits in his room and plays games
they pay for his food, car, phone
i pay for everything myself. they dont even buy me food.
and they are yelling at him
he is screaming and crying
dude
what
he is the product of what I like to call "millennial degeneration." People our age who have been pampered and spoiled by their parents so much and told that they are so much more special than the rest of the world that they like regress and can't function
He's basically a helpless child
i hate him
I FUCKING HATE HIM
I can understand why
i hate my parents
i hate all of them
they are all fucking delusional evil and retarded
i have gotten so much worse since moving
what do i do
i have no options
what have i done
help
seriously
what the fuck have i done
I don't know what to do for you
um
I wish I could offer you some kind of help but I have nothing to offer
you haven't done anything really though
this situation mutated.
And now it's catalyzing your situation.
and it's mutually Un-beneficial
and you need to like
I'm really trying to come up with a solution
but it's hard
i know
i feel like
i am not going to get to go to school
i cannot find peace long enough
i should just
I wish you could jsut live with me
got live on a farm somewhere
i could live on a far
farm
Okay I'm going to tell you some things
That are true
and you need to find a way to deal with them that best suits your needs
You are miserable at your fathers. You love josh. You hate that you love him but you love him. You would rather be living with him. You weren't miserable because of him you were miserable despite him. You want to learn. You want to work at butter it up. You need to make some change to accommodate all your wants and needs.
You need to figure out where you stand with josh and what to do about it.
i cannot live with him because he is selfish and fucks with my sleep
and i cannot work without sleep
and i cannot eat without work
Okay
so problem Identified for sure
you can't live with josh
you can't live with your father
where can you live
that's the issue
that has laways been the issue
ever since chris left me laone
alone
that bastard rat son of a bitch
Interesting.
So you resent him for leaving?
I mean I would too I just didn't know
he made me move into hell
he left me with 800 dollars in debt
i had to fuck to eat because i had no money
i HATE HIM
You use that word liberally. You seem so fucking angry dude.
Like you seem more angry than any other emotion
i am seething with hatred
I can tell, and I can't say I wouldn't be if I were in your shoes
why do i have to deal with all of this
for A FUCKING YEAR i have been struggling
to be happy
to find comfort
i have moved like 10 times
In my own unique way, I know exactly what you're trying to say
you have
i dont think i can work tomorrow
Yea Maybe you should call in
i would have to message in
what would i say is wrong
it would have to be legitimate
Say that you're too sick to come into work. If you say youre sick the question will be "how sick" or "too sick to come in?" so go ahead and answer that question.
ill message drew on fb
and let him know
i think
i might have to go to joshs
or i am going to kill one of these dogs
Then do that
THE FIRST ONE
don't kill the dog
i am going to have to move again
i know it
and my parents are so fucking retarded
they will take it personally
because theyre idiots
they are fine if you can keep them at arms length, but i think living with them isn't going to work in any way
they could never understand why they are not perfect people
They just won't see things any other way except for the way they see them I'm guessing
not that they won't look, they're just kind of blind
i feel like ive pissed off my boss
i said
Hey Drew, I am really feeling sort of terrible tonight in dealing with some family issues and I am not going to be able to sleep much, I figured I should go ahead and let you know I can't work tomorrow.\
you're an exemplary employee don't worry about it I'm sure they will understand
he said
That's pretty short notice Hunter. We only had 4 people as it is.
well you aren't a fucking puppet master
right
no one ever gives me any slack
Like that was odd of him to say. Like you cant control certain things. Like his statement operates on the assumption that you can control extraneous events and cater your life to your work schedule 
This is false for any human
i said after that
I understand that.  If I had known earlier that this was going to happen, I would have certainly let someone know.
and then
I truly do need the hours, believe that if I felt capable of being helpful I would be more than happy to come in.
and he said "ok"
He realized he has misspoken i think 
i wonder
you know
trevor would let me live with him
but he is a cancer like mindy and i have had similar problems with him in the past
so probably a bad idea
I think you need to like work and work and put back money until you can get your own place
Thats the only way out
At this point 
it doesnt work that way
my car and insurance and food
keep me from that
OH
God
I forgot
You have a car
and phone
etc
yes
i pay for everything i have
Thats a huge chunk of income
Damn
Well
yes.
this is forever my problem,
This is a lot of people's problem sadly. Life is unreasonable costly 
It is when it seems there is no where to go
That we feel weakest
Having a homestead is very psychologically important it seems 
It absolutely is
Most important to me
I just watched "unbreakable" and I feel so much better I recommend this
Hahaha its so good
Be-yon-ceyyyyyyyy
THEY ALIVE DAMN IT
how goes it
So tired.  Exhausted. 
You?
Same. Same same. Same same same.
Basically bed time for me. Cant wait for school.  Less  work.
WORD.
How are uou?You
Fuck
I'm so tired dude. I worked so much the past two days on very little sleep. I've slept most of today to recover. My body like started shutting down at like 3 pm.
I understand fully. Mine does the same then.  Wev were meant to be gentle and rest.
This is very true.
One of these days. One day we will have earned the right.
haha
"at least that's what captialism has taught me"
Right
Hahahaha
hahaha
I luv u mikel
Get sleep child
i will at some point. I just woke up. You get sleep haha
Okeeee
<3
<3
Hunter sent an attachment.
this for sleep
good luk
thank you doctor
Hey what's up
just relaxing. doin some math. what are you doing
Sitting around at home.  Went swimming earlier, got too much sun. Now im brown and warm and it isnt comfortable haha
oh yuck. that is the worst haha
I haven't been swimming all summeer
-___-
This was my first time all summer. Im thinking maybe next saturday we could try to go together. Last time didnt work so well.
Yeah that's a good idea
and last time? as in today or something I don't remember? haha
When we tried to go but ended up waiting on your mom instead
oh damn
I forgot about that
-___-
Want to hang out?
Yes I could use human company
so much
Okay haha
hey whats up
studyin
what are you doin
laying around
listening to delta waves
u no
haha
oh the uze
c00l
hahaha the uze
last night
as I'm falling asleep
at 2 am
I get a facebook message
from my estranged cousin
explaining to me that she's a christian, and although she drinks bloody mary's sometimes, she accepts me for being gay. I didn't realize how funny this was until I woke up this morning fully aware
I've been dying all day
it's like 10 pages long
about her drinking margaritas
and like weird shit that I don't care about
she needed to confess
hahahaha
i woke up and sent this: "Kathy, you didn't have to tell me any of this"
hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
thats delightful
it is kathy
KATHY
KATHY
Hey what's up?
studyin
what about you
Just went to go with josh, he took me to watch him eat, then dropped me back off at my house
Can I pleass come over
He broke my necklace
He is a monster
yes you can of course
Thank you I feel so alone
B rave
O pen minded
Y es he is mine
F ather material
R eal smart
I ntuituve
E ats pigeons
N o belly button
D eafening shreiks
I cam brtk
Nshei
HAHAHA
Ataxia
God
Help me
DEAFENING SHRIEKS 
there is no help
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahahahaha
i cannot take credit for that
but i knew you would love it
Whered you even get that hahahaha
Dear god
Thats brilliant
A la "we are a preteen couple"
http://www.buzzfeed.com/erinchack/tweets-guaranteed-to-make-you-laugh-everytime?bffb&utm_term=4ldqpgp#.xx7go4OrV
Oh no
Check this out tho what tf
nan
Wtf is the crossfit games
Am i in white man hell
dave asprey is there
hahaha
Who tf is that
What even
WHO WOULD SHOW THEIR FACE THERE
Just DO CROSSFIT AND SHUTUP
HAHAHA
ITS A BIG THING
SHOULD I COLLECTIVIZE WITH ALL THE OTHER PEOPLE THAT RUN ON QUARRIER 
GET WITH IT
HAHAHAHAHAHA
SHOULD WE MAKE SHIRTS
THE EAST END WEIRDO COMPETITION
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHO CAN CHAINSMOKE WHILE PACING THE LONGEST
And josh and i are tied for 3/2nd
Also
That clown from the westside thats sometimes here
jesus hahaha
THAT CLOWN
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
You know he has like a bunch of contraptions 
WHAT
CONTRAPTIONS
WHAT
He carries around a bunch of bags and shit 
Maybe he hasnt been over in these parts in a while 
these parts
I believe he rides a rigged bike
you know why?
BECAUSE HES AUTISTIC
OMFG
I almost tried to combine josh with autistic
And it works so well i cant even do it
I cant
joshtistic
HAHAHAHA
HAHAAHAHAHAHA
IM LOSING IT
HELP
Crying laughter emoji
Crying laughter emoji
so after you explained to me
the extent of autism that i was ignoring
You saw more
i walked over there and he was sitting in his car
I knew it
and he was like
Hahaha
"are you mad at me what did i do"
HAHAHAHA
"please dont be mad at me"
AND I LOOKED HIM IN THE EYES
LIKE HE WAS A TODDLER
and said
He's evolutionary broken
"no honey im not mad at you"
LIKE
A KID
See
A LITTLE KID
Now like
You know how to better handle him. You need to incentivize him as you would a child. Discipline him and reward him as such. Expect the emotional reciprocity youd expect from 6 year old you
Lower the bar, is my favorite piece of advice to give
yes thats what i have started to do
because now i can see
that he has no deep thought
he is
a child
in a mans body
in a frail mans body
in an angry pop punk rejects body
Yes he is
Lmao
Oh hi Becky who refused to kiss me during spin the bottle in 6th grade & now wants to play FarmVille, looks like tables have fucking turned
This tho
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I cant deal with these
MUM THAT ISNT JESUS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahahahahahahahah
"yeah of course I can paint your ceiling." Michelangelo scoffed to himself, "gonna paint a bunch of dudes with they dick outs on it tho"
HAHAHAHAHAHA JESUS GOD DAMN MOTHER FUCKING CHRIST DICK SHIT
Fuck
Hahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahaha
hahahahaha
they dicks out
hahahahaha
HAHAHAJAHA
on earth: a magiciam puts his hand in his hat

in the rabbit realm: The Hand emerges. it is time. the rabit council must chose a sacrifice
OH MAN
HAHAHAHAHA FUCKING GOD
The one that got me
Besidds the boyfriend one 
The last supper?
NO JUST NORMAL SUPPER WITH THE FELLAS
hahahaha
have to stop saying "how am i going to kill my way out of this one" everytime there is trouble going on, or at least not out loud
I want to sue someone so the law can be my wingman
the law is always your wingman
if you are a police officer
and your date is black
oops
too far
toooo far
No thats prettt accurate 
Lol
hahaha
Hahahaha
[getting thrown out of olive garden]
OLIVES GROW ON TREES SO TECHNICALLY IT SHOULD BE OLIVE ORCHARD
*flipping tables*
WHEN UR HERE UR STUPID
Surprise your partner in bed by dying in your sleep
OH GOD
OH GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHA
That olive garden thing 
Like wtf
I didnt even laugh 
Thats just accurate
Hahahahahahaha
yes
hahahaha
Imagine making your childhood pets into a toxic green mash that you have to spread across your corneas 
HAHA
when you take your family pet and put them in the mirror and youre like "thats u fam"
YES
That post gets me
i love it haha
nan
Wtf hahahaha
HAHAHA
Deafening shrieks
DEAFENING
AHHHHHEEEEEET
omg
the perfect onomatopoeia for shrieking
Thank you :D
AHEEEEEEET
How feasible would it be to spend summers being homeless in greenland
Not very feasible 
Are you working? Im gonna stop in omw to court haha
Yes haha. Court??
Yes. Driving without a license no insurance maybe grand theft auto well see
This is not my summer hahaha
Oh jesus hahaha
Well I guess we will see! I wish you luck!
Thanks haha. #pray4me
#prayersgoingout
Im goin in to get butter
Ill be walking by joshs soon if you're there
Haha yes hop in the car
Be there in 5
??
Its a long walk lol
Underestimated
I see your car
I am watching social psychology ted talks and now I am conflicted
Should I study psychology? 
Here's my opinion on that
Psych is really interesting, and you would like it, but it can be a real bullshit degree. So if you want to study it, find a way to end up at marshall, or somewhere else, because you won't get a good psych education from state. You can get a good bio education from state though. So you could definitely do that no problem. But if you are really interested in psych, you gotta look elsewhere
You would like social psych and biopsych
Why would it be so bad at state? 
I would really need to find another school?
Their psych curriculum is just bad. It isn't diverse. It doesn't give what it should.
I'll look at it again and make sure it hasn't updated
Please do because I think biopsych or social psych would be so much fun
eh it's not as bad as I thought
they just don't have that many classes
they do have a physiological psych course
which is behavioral neuroscience which I've taken and i really enjoyed it
If they dont have that many classes could I still get a psych degree there?
I dont know much about how this works
Ok well let me ask you this to figure out how to answer this...
do you have any idea what you wanna do with a psych degree or are you not looking past that yet?
either answer is fine
I want to help people the way I wish someone could have helped me. And own my own practice. 
So like clinical psychology, not like research psychology. I.e. seeing clients
?
Maybe both
Well you have to do both to become a psychologist anyway
so there ya go
but anyways
I would probably tell you it doesn't matter until you get close to graduation. Different clinical psych programs require different prerequisite course for entrance, so at some point just look at where you want to end up and make sure that you can take the courses that they ask
So state would be fine unless you wanna end up in a specific place and need a course state cant offer
that's the only way it could go south
Which I could take a a transfer student at Marshall anyways 
Yeah exactly
So what would the steps be towards getting a psych degree
What bachelors is it
Either a BA or a BS. Psych is a social science. BA is more of a soft approach, BS is more of a hard science approach
I think they offer both
so that would be up to you
It doesn't matter career wise long term at all
it's just like, do you wanna take biology
lol
So one degree is maybe more focused on feelings and social communication and one is more on chemistry etc
well let me rephrase
It's not the approach to psych
it's the approach to college in general
a BA is mroe writing, literature, english, that kinda stuff, a BS is more math, biology, chemistry
That's with any BA and BS
A BS probably requires more specialized upper level psych courses as well
and may have research opportunities
opportunities*
Hmmm well I do want science courses
It will be harder but I want to learn
I honestly would suggest a BS
It will give you a nice mix of social science and hard science
I am quite excited about this possibility
It could be fun
my degree requires some psych
The psych I've taken I've enjoyed
plus
the first course required for a psych major
you took in highschool so you can skip
haha
skip to the fun stuff at least
I wasnt able to pay for the class
listen
So ill probably have to retake it
if you can come up with money for the class they will give you credit
I didn't [ay for 2 years
they still have your records
Oh well cool then haha
That sounds great
yeah don't sweat that haha
what all do you still need to get sent over there?
Monday I am taking them all my stuff, I just have to call marshall and get my act scores
Well what you need to do
is go to actstudent.org
login
and have the scores sent to state
it's a couple bucks
if you don't know your login you can create an account
but that's how you send act scores usually
I tested through marshall
So I dont think the website would have it
No dude ACT is a national thing and even if it's through marshall marshall would just be the testing site. I'd double check but I think you can access your scores and send them online
please interact with me today
I'm going to die of lonliness
haha
No phone service. Taco bell wifi. Im sorry :/
Hey are you home?
Work  till 3
Ah okay. 
Dude
Ugh
I have no control anymore
All the emotions i ignored have come up
I cant react to anything without violence 
Dude forget all that 
What do i need to do to sell matts reptiles? Photos, then what?
Send me photos. Now that they are dehydrated they may not sell as easily. It may be best of i take  sonny and sal
Okay on it.
so the act i took at marshall
does not transfer
so i am going to see if there is any way for me to get into state for the fall
and if not, ill go to marshall
Damn!
Well okay 
Let me know how it goes
will do
hi
Hey there
whats up friend
Not a whole lot. Doing dope which I shouldn't be doing so much. I am just so bored with life right now. Its this fucking job.
Really?
Tell me whats up
I like having a little chaos and fun in my life and I've been finding it in chemistry
That's pretty human
haha
But I hate doing it
I got dope sick this weekend 
oh no
: /
You have to find another medium then
I had to quit drinking and taking ativan
thats how I was killing my boredom
and it almost killed me
lol
Yea I've got enough mxe and klonopin to quit 
I just need to do it
ok
well
Whenever you feel up for it just do
I need to get a work study job so I can relax some
That's true
Butter it up is just stressful to me
it would be easier on you
I dont do well waking up that early
Yeah I wouldn't/don't
So how are you doing?
I'm hanging in there I guess. haha.
Anything new going on?
Eh
Nothing really new
same old stuff.
I had to dose myself at work yesterday because I was convinced that my sinus infection was spiders in my brain and I duh at my ear until it bled
that was no fun
Aw poor baby 
When that kind of stuff happens I just try to remember that it doesn't matter 
And just accept my immortality
I wish it were that simple.. It used to be. I haven't been this bad since high school. But I guess how this whole bipolar thing goes. Sometimes you go years without being really symptomatic.
I feel like I haven't seen you in ages
is today tuesday or wedensday?
Its Tuesday.   And I know dude. I miss you a lot. I've just been trying to get high when im not at work, and sleep.  I guess technically im depressed but its more of a feeling of stagnation. 
That definitely sounds like depressed to me
I'm sorry
I am not getting laid like I should be so that's partially it.  Also this heat makes it hard to do anything. I did save fred though, he finally shed and is alert again.  And I've moved all of my gecko but 5. 
I feel that.
and wow
That's great
hi
Hey bud im at work
when are you off?
5
Then I have to go home though
So i work at 3 today i messed up lol
Noooo
I went in this morning and they sent me home and said COME BACK IN 8 HOURS
Jesus haha
That's fucked
My workplace hates me
they made me work where I was patient less than two weeks ago and I had like nam flashbacks hahahah
THEY SUCK
Oh no dude
That is some sick shit
Im sorry :/
I hope to just get a job in columbus. I have 11 more shifts there this summer and I'm gonna push through but I don't wanna do it anymore. They treat me poorly.
They do. You deserve to be around competent people.
When I, a person WITHOUT a medical degree, is complaining about medication management by the doctors we have a problem haha.
did you get your school stuff rollin? all your papers sent in and stuff?
They will be today
good!
Got everything in to state, once I take the act monday they can admit me, then orientation is next saturday
Working the drug rehab unit...
So sad dude
So sad
Mever worked here before
Wow how is that? Speaking of I am kicking the horse starting today haha
These people are like from the outskirts of society. At their lowest points. Its so sad
But theyre all super interesting
I bet it is. Anything crazy in particular? 
This lady asked me if id ever tried opiates and grinned menacingly at me
Hahahahaha
Oh jesus hahahaha
She's mother addiction
Watch out
Im aware lolol
Haha
I have very little to do
Between group therapy and AA
They supervise themselves 
Oh yea im sure lol
Michael
I am losing hair from stress
I dont know what to do
Im so sorry 
I will be in school soon
Which is going to be good 
That will help
It will 
I just admitted an opana addict. Poor guy
Oh my god 
I had to pass a body check off
Because this guy 
Had the heroin chic we have discussed
Oh lord hahaha
Poor opana fellow
Thats some rough stuff
Hes pitiful
But this heroin guy
Jesus
*fans self*
mmmmm
skinny
dark eyes
lost dog
needs help
must help
MUST HELP
MUST LOVE
*gives self*
I took a b vitamin pill
And now I cant sleep
Advice please
Dude
Not mow
I just walked out on my job
Things are not good
Oh woah
I cant talk
Im sorry
Just breathe
Im trying
Everything is going to be fine
A job is not your worth
You dont owe them anything
The way that people treat addicts is 
I couldnt deal with it
I left
Good for you
Theyre assholes
A nurse threatened to punch an agitated detoxing heroin addict
Then saidnit was a joke
Jesus
He got upset
No shit 
Hes detoxing
The situation was handled so poorly
Im going notice tomorrow. This is the last straw for me here
I apologized to him in the lobby
I told him I wanted him to get better
Why does no one else want that
They just want control
Just tell me though, is an OD on vitamin b going to hurt me 
 No just drink lots of water
Okay I will. My pee is highlighter colored. 
But you're going to be fine. 
I promise.
http://i.imgur.com/GdfQjdt.jpg
nan
Is aids a plague from god
I miss you
Things happened
I gave notice at work
I quit
So much as happened hahaja
How do you feel about it?
Like I deserve to be treated with respect and I don't need to be in a place that abuses mentally ill people
I got a nurse fired
the next day I quit
Hahaha awesome
Yea no one deserves abuse
Especially not you
Especially addicts
Today I was reprimanded
haha
I was like
YOU ALL KNOW NOTHING ABOUT HOW TO TREAT ADDICTS
Theyre idiots
dude
I cant believe that place is open
this guy coming down from meth and heroin
like
was begging for benzos
and instead of just firmly saying no
the nurse goes
"I'm gonna punch you in your fucking face you pill popper"
Jesus god
They should have given him a xanax
he wasn't violent at all
and she called the cops because he was black
and he was crying
and I was like
I left
and i followed him
and I was like I'm so sorry
Christ
right haha
WHAT
JUST WHAT
wow
This other dude
he pushes a folder off the desk
I was like dude you can't do that
and the same nurse picks up the phone up and pantomimes calling the cops and says AS A NURSE I HAVE THE RIGHT TO PRESS CHARGES and points at me and goes WITNESS
HAHAHA
I was like BITCH CHECK YOURSELF
Sounds like my mom
omg
it does
lol
I had to run from her house again yesterday
oh god
why this time?
I took a nap and had her finish my fafsa
And shes putting her house on the market and wanted me to take all my stuff out of the basement
And in like, im so tired, ill do it this weekend
which you probably would
And she's like no you can do it now
So I left
of course she did
It's not even about the time
Then she came out to my car and wanted lkme
Like
it's about the fact that she commanded it
jesus
Have you been smoking CIGARETTES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
and im like no and it is not your right to investigate my car
OH MY GOD
OH MY GODDDDDDD
When she dies
I will only feel relieg 
Relief 
I know what you mean
She wants my youth
she wants to eat your young soul
Like an evil Disney queen
Yes she does
what was the other day this week you were free?
Sunday homie
okay
Sorry about the other day, my boss fucked me lol
Its fine, no worries buddy 
We just have to find some time to hang because school is starting reeeeaal soon
I knooow
When do you leave?
august 20th
Thats so soon
oh my god less than two weeks
god damn
We should go to kings island or something
That would be so wonderful
moneys tight though
but
It would be. If we had gas and tickets we could go.
tickets are like 35 bucks
how much is it to fill your tank
45ish
this would be like an 80 dollar commitment from each of us at least
sigh
Poooop
:/
we should still try to go swimming
haha
Thats very true
http://cinna-dad.tumblr.com/post/126127333842/typhlonectes-current-mood
Hahaha what
IDEK MAN
Dude
I finally have returned to earth
Psychically 
Like im all here
It feels so good lol
That job was draining your psyche 
It was
And i think it gave me ptsd flashbacks 
Hahah
Shitty thing is
I still gotta work till the 18th lol
Wait why do you still have to work?
because I mean I quit but when you you quit you give notice usually, which for highland is two weeks. So I work for two more weeks
Oh I see. I would have just walked out. I guess that is the hasty thing to do but I try to be solid in my choices to move on completely. 
Well I would have so done that
but like
I'm logging 103 hours before august 19th
that's a thousand bucks
hahaha
I NEEEEED that
Oh well yes there is that haha
I need young money
I am glad you are feeling better
Haha
me too haha
Rap game addiction counselor 
HAHAHA
I FORGOT ABOUT SAYING RAP GAME
How could you
Rap game peppermint patty with a lavender bumblebee jacket
wanna hear a good one I came up with a few years back
"rap game music major flutes guitars and cello players"
Absolutely I do
I remember that
Hahaha
HAHAHA
Nice one dwight
peda-dexterity
Yes
Head shoulders knees and toes
knees and toes
Knees and toes
I never fucked wayne, i never fucked drake
All my life man, fucks sake
I dont duck nobody but tape. Yep. That was a setup. For a punchline on duct tape.
Oh man hahaha thats great
Nicki is my queen
Dude i am outta my mind bored
What do people do
When bored
Meditate
Sleep
Cook
ASS ON HOUSTON TEXAS BUT THE FACE LOOK LIKE CLAIRE HUXTABLE 
Im gonna walk
Like a crazy east ender 
Thats always a good choice
I miss it
Its nice. I miss our walks
I do too :/
Mmm waynes verse in this song damn he still got it 
Dude the capitol
So pretty
Haha
And yes
Its so nice
But I work tomorrow
So bed for me
Goodnight!
Nightnight
Are you awake
http://www.psypost.org/2015/08/paleo-diet-humans-needed-carbs-for-big-brains-36448
Interesting
Yep thats what I tell everyone. Carbs are important. 
I know that's why I sent it to you i thought it would be validating haha
dude so check this situation out
I owe WVSU, my old landlord, and the state of west virginia money. All of them. I can pay it. Though, If i do, I can't pay rent this year. If I don't, I could go to jail. How FUCKED is that?
Jesus. Thats pretty fucked.
School should be free lol
School should be free.
it is everywhere but here
Maybe youll need to have a cheaper housing situation 
I'm trying to figure out the best solution
I wish I had a wonder solution for you :/
Like I'm in the definition of between a rock and a hard place
like this is what one of those is
lol
Haha
Yes
jail, or homelessness
Well maybe youll have to adjust your school schedule
these are my options
hahaha
Habg today plzzz
You got it duuude
Whats the plan stan?
Idk im off at 315 what are you feelin
Hmmm you know im really not sure. 
It is hard to do things without money
I may be able to conjure up some 
Conjure haha
What would we do with said dough?
I have no clue dude

We just need a day to chill before i vanish 
I agree totally.
Well for one we can bring my last 4 or 5 geckos back to nitro from downtown
I really dont have any ideas other than that though
Either way stop by and well figure somtin out
Kay are you home?
I will by by like 330 340
Okay
Headed your way
ok
the neurosis in this house is unbearable
The traffic in this interstate is too
Haha
my mom is ddoing this thing
to where like
she doesn't give a fuck ever ok
but john is here
and shes like
WINDEX THE WINDOWS
as if he knows her to be exceptionally tidy
it's pitiful to watch her wretch and it's annoying
Hahahaha
He cares so little
he doesn't give a single fuck
I need xanax instead of klonopin
I guess I should schedule somethinf with him
You should
And honestly
I would recommend
that if you're gonna have a prescription medicine
take it
haha
I take it as needed
So you do take them when you get anxious??
Yes haha
sometimes  I worry that like
you've gone off the deep end and rejected western medicine. but then I remember that youre a hypochondriac and so am I so that's impossible
hahahaha
Hahahaha
My sinus infection went away
ie
my brain tumor
GIVE ME TJE VACCINE
Yes I mean I think I am capable of curing my own issues
But
If im not going to do that I need to take a pill
Like
Mental anxiety is curable yourself
physical anxiety is not
I havent been sleeping well at all. Ive never had night sweats this badly
So I've been taking tiny pieces of xanax from the ones shayn gives me
they probably aren't even 100% pharmacologically xanax
And now that I won't do dope with gim he won't give me xanax
Probably not
are you serious?
What is his deal?
lol
I mean he feels rejected
like no offfense
but he needs to put things in perspective
lol
Bevause I have to keep a distance
it's not offensive
Yea he thinks if I dont want dope that im saying he is a bad person
Because he feels guiltt
that's EXACTLYYYYYY right
apt analysis
apt.
Haha thank you!
Hahaha
About to get off the exit
0k
Outside
How did it go
How are you feeling
Hey it went super well! I think I got close to a 30!
Brilliant!
I am feeling much more calm but still night sweats and waking up at 2-3
Take the pill at night instead. It will still dispense during the day but the main dose will be at night
Okay I will this time. I would like a full nights sleep.
Youll get it haha
Yayyy ^.^ 
Dude
Im leaving next thursday
Oh my GOD
In a way i am jealous
I want to fly away
Its like that but in a way its flying to another world of new stressors
But im abandoning a lot of old ones
Haha yea I understand that
I realize in the classroom today
It is the most calming thing j know
Being under academic pressure
You know why
Bevause6
Because 
Compared to the pressure and stress of homelessness, poverty, and medical issues, its nothing
School wont stress you out as badly as you expect
Thats what it is
Also
School is where we escaped to
From our homes
Michael
Semi emergency help situation
Martin has offered me one hit of the best acid he has ever done for 8 klonopin 
I dont have klonopin
But I need this acid
Can you assist?
I dont have any klonopin
I am sorry  :(
I think he would settle for xanax
I jist got out of elkview
I have like 2 left
N9
I freaked out in the woods last night
I cant afford to lose more
Haha
Haha
What happened?
Just got scared. 
Michael
Im tripping 
Where are you
At home
Haha
Alone?
With my mom but unless your buggin out idk if she gives a fuck 
Can I come over 
Please 
Is something wrong?
I dont know I dont think so but I am with josh and this is not working 
We're going to makn kwong. Youre welcome to come. If you want i can grab a drug that will stop the trip if need be.
Oh man you have that? Woah
Yep. 
I just need an air conditioned place to rest
And I will be fine
Okay then you can come over
And rest
On the big couch
Okay thank you so much haha
I told my mom you may be having a rough trip and she told me to fix you a bed on the couch
Haha
I just have some blood sugar concerns
And for that reason I wanted a person to sort of watch me
Ill be back in a minute. Want me to bring you some sort of sweet?
I have a banana 
I need like real food though
And i should not drive 
Drive us to food in my car maybe
Anything i can bring you?
I just need someone to talk to.
Okay
Well i can do that
I can message you
And ill be back soon
Maybe bring me like
Veggies
Would be best
Can do
And water
My hands might be swollen like seriously 
Ok
Its the blood sugar thing thats getting me 
Whats your dressing restriction again?
Like what is it in dressing you can have
Oil vinegar
Please
Got it
Thanks so muvh
Sure ill see ya soon
Where are you haha
Please hurry. I am so hungry
I am here?
Where are you?
Walked to food at my car
And water at joshs
So why did i just get you food
I need help from you
Whatcdo you need
My phone had died
Please walk to my car
On my way
And we will meet there
Thank you
Normal parking space near joshs?
Yes
See u in 30 sec
Come get in the car please
nan
You should draw more
dude
i am so lonely
but i dont want to move
I understand
Hard
Hey so if Matt doesn't want his geckos, I will take them.
Also can you give me johns secretary's number?
7203885
Thank you. Is he feeding the animals at all?
my mom and I are
you need to take them if you can
he's not doing well right now
I would like to take them if I can help
That would be great
I'm trying to get him in a clinical trial at the moment. I've been talking to yale this week and things are looking good.
Oh that would be great
Hes a fascinating stufy
Study
yeah
They are using magnetic stimulation on brains
it's cool stuff
no drugs involved
I like that stuff
I can get those geckos after work if you can bring them out to my car
Also shayn walked out today haha
Dude what's up?
Just woke up
Sorry i havent responded
I worked 3 to 11 outbof nowhere 
Haha
Im taking 17 credit hours and only have class on monday Wednesday and Thursday
Whatrr you taking
Eng 101, NSM 101, bio 120, math 119, online art, and communications
Sounds good!!!
I am so excited
Whats nsm?
Introduction to natural sciences
Cool beans!
And I got the Pell grant omg
Life is wonderful
Thatd great dude
I didnt get that this year.
Why is that?
You have to be real poor lol 
My mom worked a lot of overtime last year 
Oh i see
Well that makes sense
I am just so glad to be accepted
And scheduled
Me too
Thats great
Classes start monday!
Ahhh
Haha
This is so awesome
Yayyy
Check this guy out on grindr whos finna rape me
nan
HAHAHA WHAT THE FUCK
Your mom give you aids
What
Jesus god
Thats insane
nan
 Help
HAHAHAHA
Hahaha
HELP
Run for your life
Hahahahahaya
Hahahaha
4 miles away
Hes going to hot or cold until he finds you
NOpoooooOooooo
Fear is in my heart
did you get your act scores back yet? Did it go well? Or did i ask? I dont remember
I got a 27 this time
Nicee!
19 on math but everything else was great
34 in reading
Wooot
Yep math was actually my downfall on that test also haha
I dont even care because im so happy
Good
Life is good again
It is
What are you doin the rest o today
Not sure yet. Eating at my moms first
Okay. I work until i leave thursday so lemme know if youre free later in the day
(Today im off)
Alright we should definitely get into something
Alright sweet
Im thinking maybe like
A movie or something
Lee works at marquee now
I think I knew that
somehow
but yes
that
Yes haha. See whats playing
minions
HAHAHA
Oh jesus we would ruin it for every facebook aunt in there
FACEBOOK AUNT
THAT IS FRIGHTENINGLY ACCURATE
Isn't it
I have none
Haha
What else is playing
it looks like
I wish Jurassic park
fantastic four
"vacation"
"the gift"
fuck idk any of these
"pixels"
Hahaha
"trainwreck"
Vacation is an r rated comedy
I think
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
that sounded like something matt would say
Hahahahaha
Youre right it did
Omg
Its only 1 pm woe
Wow
Hahaha
yeah Ikr
We could also do a hangout classic and go to the mall or do something outside even
I could buy us dinner later maybe to celebrate? Its up to you and your schedule 
A hangout classic haha
Yea we could just find something to get into. Its a bit hot outside but maybe just the mall would be fun. Or even the Huntington mall!
YES
That would be chill
Hangout clasic
Hahahaha
I almost wonder like
Would josh ruin this
Because
He would drive us
Probably
Eh
Its your call
But
Idk
Your call man
Hahaha
So yes
Did you have oxy on you last time you were here
No?
I found what I think is a 5mg tablet on my couch 
Hahaha
Oh my haha
Dibs 
Go for it lol
I took acid just to get off pain pills
I found two
Im saving these
Wow dude haha
I wish so badly I could take them but I know better
I know
You should avoid opiates man
I am
Ive been trying to avoid all drugs basically 
Thats probably a good call
Ive been trying to avoid alcohol completely 
Last night i got kind of drunk at a party
But i think i can moderate myself
You went to a party?
Haha
Oddly yes
I have never been to a party
What?
Hahaha
Im serious
I was a social outcast
So I started doing heroin
Hahahahaha
This is true 
Hahaha
Got dam
I am sort of sick though
Sinus thing
So I dunno what we should get into
I have medication for sinusitus
If ya want it
Is it an antibiotic
yep
Because thats bad for my belly
so is basically everything
lol
I know
that's the only treatment for it that I know of though
unless it's allergies
Ill just wait it ouy
Out
yeah
sometimes
that's the best thing to do with sinus stuff
it often goes away on its own
My mom fed me but she is becoming increasingly obnoxious
I dont think she has any inner dialogue
hahahaha
probably not
Every word from mind to mouth
jesus
Yes
Haha
I want to be back at my car
I bet lol
I think my wallet is in there
Because it is not in my purse
that's likely where it is then haha
nan
sweet jesus
hahahahahaha
htc when ur free
Kayyy
Im resting a bit at home. Any idea what we should get into? 
Something kinda low key. Relaxing.
Thats what im thinking
We should rendezvous at either the mall or at my house, and then just go with the flow. Do whatever we feel ya know. Maybe get frozen yogurt or something
Idea!
ok!
Hookah bar
YESSSSSS
:D
nan
nan
nan
I am giving you your first A as a college student.
A idea.
Im watching season 1 of thirty rock haha
HAHAHA
NICE
So
Where is this hookah bar
good question
lemme look it up
2152 Greenbrier St, Charleston, WV 25311
they open at eight.
it says it's right past capital high school
Fuck yes dude!
Hahaha this is going to be the best
fuck yes
Do they have food at this place
I hope they have li
Tapas
Hahaha
I think
lemme check
I think they have food
it says eat/drink
I think I'm gonna blonde my roots up. I think I'm gonna keep the blonde hair. Twas a good call
I love your hair blonde. Im gonna do mine super dark purple when it starts getting colder
I need a hair cut tho haha
Me too!!!!
So badly
Im eating and then ill leave :D
Aiight
On my way!
Outsids
E
HEY
Breakfast
Breakfast
Breakfast alert
You missed a call from Hunter.
BLACK SHEEP SKO
nan
Hi
I am in nitro
Hello there
Just got up
Haha
I figured you'd sleep a bit haha
I was woken up at 8
Oh shit haha
Had to eat pretty much as soon as I got home, made eggs mmm
How was your dance party?
MMMMMmmmm
Goood i passed out real quick haha
Some dude messaged me okc looking for weed
OR
K2
Hahaha
I bet I could sell so much weed on dating apps
yo
Yo
YO
you got dat spice
dat spice tho
you got dat spice
I put it in my v-v-v-v-vape
Hahaha
dat spice
Gah dude make sure to eat your b vitamins today
I always do
So important
I have a script for high dose folic acid anyway
it's my savior
Mmmm pineapple
I have that too
haha
So i hae developed a condition
hahahaha
Mhmm sure you have
I used the internet to diagnose it
Hahahahahaha
It's real
It's called
get this
it's called
"runners knees"
HAHA dude I know! 
ITS REAL
What are your symptoms?
I SWEAR ON THE NECRHOMINICON
well
first of all
knee pain
knee pain whel flexing or moving my knee
knee swelling
nausea
pain walking
haha
Okay I have had this after a night of dancing
Let me help you
I've had this for days
Do you lock your knees
lol
The dancing just exacerbated it
I was too drunk to remember notto dance
no i dont
they say to stretch a lot
that is supposed to help
APPARENTLY
THE AMOUNT OF STRETCHING I DO
IS NOT ADEQUATE
INSUFFICIENT
TISK TISK
One of the most unnerving sounds
That of a mechanical toothbrush
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
didn't know wher ethat was fuggin going
jesus
but
true
Hahahahaha
it's like this pressing paranoid machine fear
it's like
PLEASE SETTLE DOWN
YOU ARE A TOOTHBRUSH
Hahahaha
DONT EXPLODE
PLEASE STOP BE QUIET YOU ARE INANIMATE
i like manual ones lol
manual toothbrush ftw always
I'm out on my porch with my computer smoking
Also mechanical toothpaste
Is not a thing
watching old women going into church
and they are glaring pensively
Tell them to hurry along now
They probably want to make love to me but the lord prevents this
remember that woman who was like super nice that invited us to church there
haha
Yessss
I like borderline wanted to go
because she was so inviting
they have a way about them
Right?
So I dont know if I need to go to state or not today
Why would you need to?
DUDE
also
do you have notebooks and stuff
and flashcards
oh god you will need flashcards
I have basically nothing
Haha
I stole mechanical pencils from josh
You need to make a quick trip to target or something
crucial
haha
Okay I will do that today.  I love buying school supplies. So much. 
ME TOO
lol
I derive a weird pleasure from organization
Two highlighters, a few notebooks, flash cards, what else?
calculator. TI 30. should be about 10 bucks.
Im glad you do now because you did not in middle school haha
wait
If you want
I can give you a TI 30
I ahve three of them
haha
Whaaat thats amazing 
Thank you
I actually have a TI 36 which is nicer if you want it
Omg yes upgrade me
HAHA
And one annnoying thing tha seems useful but isn't
Ill take the sports package thanks
Everyone takes notes on their laptops
Studies have shown
hand written notes
get you better  grades
and help you retain info
Hand written notes are obvi a better idea
duh
Laptops make your head hurt haha
And you mindlessly drone information into a machine
it doesn't stay in your head
Pressing a button is not the same as writing a letter #truthbomb
You're going to love first year bio lab
you get to do stuff like
Idk
Hahaha
swab cheek dna and run a PCR test on it
it's fun
No way!
yeah!
That's so cool 
Ahhh im excited
you will become very familiar with a fly named drosophila
Oh no
yes haha
What is that
Dont tell me
basically
Hahahaha
No do
the basis for genetics
Everything we know about genetics
we owe to the fly
and there's this weird ass creature
I remember looking at under the microscope the first day
god what is it called
it's so weird
THE HYDRA
OH GOD
ITS SO WEIRD
Whyzat
hold on let me show you a picture of this thing
lol
THEY FREAK ME OUT
nan
they like twitch all about
Omg no
Hahaha
they are so a live that it's bothersome
Its like the Greek moms hydra
YES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
MONSTER
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Omg
Hahaha
pretty sure it doesn't have poison breathe and blood tho
I THINK
I haven't kissed it.
Oh okay well ill ask it and let you no
o ok cool
So after I rest up a little bit do you wanna go to target wit me?
yeah sure
I have work at three though
so as long as it's before then
we good
it shouldn't take that long
Okay let me see if I need to be at state today or not
ok
Welcome weekend bs
oh that's probs not mandatory
lol
especially if yo uaren't living in the dorms
nan
Yea prolly ill call and see and if not ill come getcha
Ok
if you look at my last RT you'll remember why you're doing what you're doing in school lmfao
I LOVE THAT
RIGHT
Gahhh
All hot and bothered
Hahaha
It struts
like legit
struts
It does man
It knows what its job is
biology is amazin
So I sort of want to start a new business called third eye geckos
It just sounds so goof
Good
That's not a bad idear
so do u gots to go to the thingy at school
The office is closed so I doubt it. Im waiting to get my dads card when he's back from church and then ill leave
Okay neato
what time is your first class tomorrow?
Nine tirty
what is it?
Bio yo
cool beans
did you get your books yet?
Nope, I have no clue what I need and I need the parents card to get them
Yeah first day I wouldn't worry bout it
No one has books the first day
cause some profs are like
"yo you don't need it save yourself a couple hundo"
Thats what im hoping haha
Oh also
Do you want me to get Matt's geckos today
My mom said no to that for some reason i have no idea why
So is she going to water them daily and feed them while youre gone?
I assume so
I'll ask her again
and see what the deal is
They always look dehydrated and the gargoyle has not grown at all
I know
The other lizards are much more hearty than those two
kratos is doing well though as far as my knowledge goes
Of course kratos evolved to survive in barren lands
Haha
HAHA
dude
please look at my last tweet
the vien that I just made
is golden
Oh my god hahahahahaha
RIGHT
HAHAHAHA
You are wonderful
That Is wonderful
On muh way
ok cool beans
Im out heay
Michael
How does alcohol withdrawal feel
You arent
Hunter
I promise 
Alcohol withdrawal 
Is like
I want to hit someone
Vomiting, tremors, convulsions, hallucinations
You aren't in withdrawal
I just charted on a guy whomis haha
Okay
Youre good
You're just hungover 
Thats my official diagnosis 
John has not gotten back to me and I have a couple of chunks of xanac
And im about to start school
Ill tell him tonight
I promise
But listen to what just happened at work
The head of psych at yale called me
Matts getting flown out for the study 
And he was also interested in my research interests 
Like 
YALE
Oh wow haha
Dude thats so incredible
Im going out there with matt to meet him
When is this?
Not sure
The study is on a rolling basis
Theyre calling again wednesday
Awesome
Im about to cry and dont know why
I just cried tears of joy for like 10 minutes shamelessly
This summer has punished me
And finally
I will either have to live here for my college career
Or pay my own car and utilities in a house with my brother
I dont know if I could live with my brother
I think I would hurt him
I fear that
Haha
Hes an imbecile
Youve told me haha
I need to bitch to someone and I have no one to bitch to
Josh sleep deprived me last night and I have been hungry
I have become so addicted to this food thing that when I need food I deprive myself
Because I think,  I shouldn't be hungry right now
But if I dont get sleep I need food more
Thats not a healthy behaviour
:/
Of course it isnt
But I need something to keep me stable
And food is what I have found
I wish that I had a reliable person to vent to like a friend here or even a home environment that is quiet and organized
I have isolated myself
I hate josh so much
And I have no one else
I have done the same
Well
Here at least
nan
Wow
Hes an asshole dude
hey ill have your book with me tomorrow.  please remember to speak with john
I will!!
And okay cool!!
awesome stuff
Jack donaughy talking to his mom
Hahahaha
Colleen 
Howd today go
So good. Still have NSM and speech 
Awesome!!
nan
"Will be"
Hahahahaha
Damn
he's not going to college
He'll come up with every excuse in the world
and try and argue it away
btu when it comes down to it
he's just afraid and stupid
lol
Hahaha yes
I am trying to make friends so I can wean myself off josh
Yayy
Good
Im glad your first day is going well
Im sure it was a bunch of syllabus review hahaha 
Oh yea and dude the nsm teacher is so high strung I was like WHY DID I SIT UP FRONT OH GOD
HAHAHAHA 
That always throws you off
Those are the type
Where third row back or so is safest
Lmfao
Yes like maybe the room on the other side of the hall is best
Hah
Hahaha
Perhaps
Im spending the day trying to figure out what i even want to do
Biology yes but what else
Word
Theres so much out there
We cant do it all dammit
You do half and ill do half
Well split our life goals down the middle
Sounds good fam
squad goals
Im looking for a building listed as "b"
Good job state
Is Charlie enrolled here
Ong
Did I see charlie
Probably 
Hahaja
Jesus
I saw Bella earlier
Didnt talk to her
Faced
Thats weird haha
would you have time to do my roots before I leave or could I probably do that successfully myself?
I just don't wanna fuck up the colors so you'd have to tell me what to do haha
When do you leave?
thursday mornin
Then yes
I work tomorrow evening tho
Wednesday? 
yea!
Your sister
Tweeted
Oh no
Oh no 
That Matt is getting into yale
And she is so proud of him
He is her inspiration
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Jesus fucking christ
Hahahaha
OH MY GOS
i saw it and was like
oh no
she didnt
yes she did
DUDE SHE'S SO DUMB
Oh my god
She cant even grasp the concept clinical trial
Like what
Its not that complicated
Hes going up there for treatment haha
hahaha
THEYRE TREATING HIM TO AN EDUCATION
BECAUSE HE WORKED FOR THIS
SHUT UP MICHAEL
GOD
I explained it to her
She said 
Oh
Thats weird 
What????
"thats weird"
means
"i still dont get it"
HAHAHAHAA
Dude
How like
Not that im a genius
But genetics
Like so much confusion
How
Hahahaha
well i mean
you kids are each a different type of crazy
is your older brother nuts?
Oh shit
He exists
Well
Thats telling 
my siblings are all different but
just disfunctional
not really crazy
True haha
I forget that im one of five sometimes
right haha
as far as i know im 1 of 4 still
i lost johns office number but would it be online
so i dont have to keep asking you
Hold on
i just hate klonopin so much
they dont help
7203835
im sure they are closed now
You can leave a message
But that's the number haha
okay awesome
thank you
are there any more extras you have
that i could have
Nope
poo
Sorrry
okay
its okay
i may have to buy some
Do what you feel is best for you
i try to haha
school is so stabilizing for me
seriously
i love it
I would imagine 
The structure is probably a nice touch too
i feel like my life has purpose again
Good!!
everything is coming along in the scheme of things
for little ol me
which is a small victory for the outcome of the world
It is indeed
LITTLE VICTORIES
oh god the horrors
hahaha
Theyre
Eh
That was the definition of "phase" music
yes
agreed
they dont even exist now probably
not to us anyway
The Emos died in 2011
They gone
oh man haha
the hair was cut off
the blood mopped up
Hahahahahaha
i want reptiles so badly
and this is agood sign
it means im happy enough to care for them
YAY
My brother got me into a screaming fight with him and called me a drug addict this morning 
Wtf
Fuck him
Then he took the ps3 out of my room
So i have no tv
Can he just do that 
Mom lets him
So yes
OK then -__-
I hate him
I will never be ablento live in a house with him
He would get murdered 
what's your class schedule like tomorrow?
Looks like I have class until about 5. Theres a good chance ill be exhausted at that point
What do i buy for my hair?
Bleach powder and 30 developer 
Thanks!! 
Hows your second day
Great
I am tired though
I would figure
Its happy tired though
Haha
Good then haha
I dont think john has called in my script. Ive got half a klonopin left. Ive been taking them as prescribed and everything 
Nevermind I just called and its ready
Do you want your book?  Also did you talk to your mom about me rescuing the geckos? 
Yes I do 
And i will today
My fear is that she doesn't want me to have them so she's going to keep them and eventually they will just die.
I would be so upset.
Thats not an unreasonable fear
Like
Why does she not want me to have them
It doesnt make sense
She said no again
Why?
She is going to kill those animals 
Matt doesn't want them and you are leaving
I hatched sonny from an egg
Theyre probably all dead due to matts negligence and she feels too awful to tell youm
Thats my guess
They are not dead
I know for a fact one is.
I dont know which one.
Jesus
Yeahhhhhh
She would rather neglect an animal than not be perfect 
What the fuck
Im sorry
Idk what to do about it
I think she just feels guilty
Because you gave the animal and matt forgot about it
So she's going to let the other one die
Idk
Fuck dude
This is why I hate selling animals to people
I honestly dont know what to tell you
I don't love animals like you do. I try to mist them and stuff when i caj
Can
But im always at work 
Haha
Matt wont even enter his room
I want to just take it home with me
And let her be pissed off
She said you can have them now?
Ok 
Yes?
Yea
Okay, which one is still alive?
Well matt wants to keep Kratos who is just fine. Its the other ones he stopped caring about
Yes I know
Thats totally fine
I can leave in just a minute
Wait
She changed her mind
Also
We aren't home
You should let me in so I can just take them
We are at enterprise because we dont have a car to get me to school
I would
If i was home 
I dont see the issue
Will you be home today?
Ill breifly be home to pick up my things
After we get the car
Which is taking 
...a bit
And your mom will be there im assuming
Did she just say "no I changed my mind" 
What is her reasoning?
My mom has no idea which ones are alive and doesnt want to deal with the guilt of facing you
Tell her
Thats basically what was just said
That I dont care
She said
And if she doesn't let me save the ones that are alive
She should have given them to you along time ago 
She is killing them
Ok
And I will be pissed
Im not going to be upset over the dead ones
She said alright 
I am only concern about the Alive ones
Right
Okay so let me do some homework and let me know when you are heading home, I will bring your book and collect the geckos
Ill let you know asap
Thank you for your reasoning skills
 I do have those 
Haha
Thank god
My mom is so repressed dude
She cant face ANYTHING 
She acts like an abuse victim
Oh matt basically told me fuck you to that once in a lifetime miracle cure for his illness because my whole family convinced him god would help him
Whatnos everyones deal 
Jesus
Oh jesus christ
Yeah
Tell him god isnt real
They enabled his religious delusions
My mom canr even talk sense into him
Like miracle cure no brainer 
What
Haha
Keep him away from your family
Seriously
They are toxic
I know!!!!
He got a job at kmart
And because hes functioning
He thinks things are good 
Hes been conditioned
To be okay with misery
Right
Thats so sad
I dont want that for him 
He got so sick he cant even look at his reptiles
You need to sit down and have a talk with gim
That is not matt
One on one
And pour your soul into him
Try to find him
I wish i had abother day here
To do so
I mean it could only take 15 minutes but I get your drift 
I mean as soon as we get the car were out. Were on a time frame. Gotta be at my landlords office by 1230
Or I'd take a minute
But hes not listening to reason anyway
Hes gonna have to get sick
Before realizing he needs help
Ya know
Haha
I should have left a key under the mat and you could just do it
Damn it
Its okay. No big deal. 
Im doing homework now, ill head over as soon as youre done
Im on my way home but im only gonna be there a sec cause im running real late
Okay let me hurry there
I honestly cant promise well still be there
Im so sorry 
But im so late
Im not home just yet though 
Leave them outside
Ill get them
Okay we might be 15 minutes
But leave the book on the porch and ill leave the reptiles?
Yea
Im hurrying too
I honestly dont think my mom will be compliant and let me grab them
But ill do it 
Idk
Shes being difficult
Today has been the worst
The absolute worst 
If I show up and she wont let me have them
Im go I to lose it
We had to borrow my borderline grandmother's car and it was a whole fiasco 
Im sure
I will grab them 
Im on my way
Were gonna be gone
Dont bother dude
Come by this weekend and get them
Seriously 
Maybe not
Ahhhh
Fuuuuu
Im almoat there
Put them outside 
You know your mom will not meet me
30 seconds 
They all died...but Kratos 
Who were feeding now
Hey i love you just reminding you 
I love you too
Also sonny is alive
OMG
So is tuffy
Are you sure the others were dead
We just fed him greens
I knew it lol
I was wrong
Haha
Let me take him
The leo is probably still alive too
Youre probably right
Go poke him
Haha why did you assume they were all dead
Because i assume that things are the worst always
Hahaha
Well go check and see
I have just enough time to get them be for class
We left already
But
Ill make my mother surrender them to you 
Is there a key or something?
Because she always avoids me
Shell be back tomorrow
Erm no
Maria lost the spare 
Haha
Well make her promise to meet me
I work tomorrow but will be done around 4
Okay ill make arrangements 
Thank you. And thanks for feeding tuffy
Mhmm
Im feeding sonny now. Hes happy :)
Thank GOD
I was dying inside
Yayyy everyone wins
Except salvadore
But shit happens 
Eh
Yeah
how do i get student loans
and would they pay my rent for a cheap apartment
Yes
Through fafsa
You said they offered you loans
i already declined the ones they offered this semester
Talk to the brusars office
Oh
Well
Idk what to tell ya
heres the issue
Erm
i brought home that gecko
mindy flipped shit
said she only agreed to one reptile
Oh boy
which is not true
and was yelling at me
i was hyperventilating
Jesus
still am a little
she wants them all out
they cant even be in the garage
so
i might need to move again
Why
Oh god 
Ugh
im about to give up michael
See if you can undo rejefting those loans 
Contact the brusars office
Idk
Ahhh
im looking at shared places in oregon
just because ive exhausted my welcome here
Really
no one wants me, the true me, living with them
Thats not true
it is though
i have to adjust myself to live with people
and thats okay
but
i can only do so much
before i die inside
Mindy will cool off
probably but that doesnt help my gecko issue
i was just getting back to taking care of them
i played with them today
theyre my therapy animals
I know :/
they lied to me to get me to move
i knew it all along
mindy said she would get me a place where i could have my animals
and now that isnt happening
So I've gotta get a student loan
And get an apartment
Yes
Looked at an efficiency
They loved me until I mentioned lizArds 
Fuck
Damn it 
So if im using a loan to rent a place 
And then I run out of money for it
Can I get another loan? Or am I sol?
Um
you may be out of luck
you should maybe take out a larger loan or another one?
idk
Hm okay
If you have any more quesions to not hesitate for  a sec to ask me
Okay. The anti lizard guy may have changed his mind. So I guess we'll see how that goes.
Gah I need B ellas phone number 
Stupid online password
Hold on
5509103
Haha thank you
I took my first bio quiz and nailed it!
 And I have an actual date after class!

Hahahaha
all of that is so awesome!
Yayyy life is great 
Also I dont have to move out 
We are going to build a box to keep the animals warm in the garage in the winter. 
thats wonderful!
Hows stuff going in OH?
Perfect
although I'm sad and miserable and just want to go home and quit school
so there's that
I'm definitely down cycling and it sucks
I'm sad now
I am honestly thinking about paying my roommates 1500 dollars and going home
Why do you not want to stay at school?
It doesn't feel worth it anymote
I just
don't care
I did all this homework
and I was like
to what end
idc
You do care though
You are just in a bad living environment
or I pretend that I do?
idk anymore
You love what youre studying 
You love science
im beginning to question even that
do i?
or have i convinced myself of that
just to create
a persona
I have known michael terranova since he was 4 and we both wanted to be paleontologists
you are right
but it just doesn't feel
idk
there anymore
it hasn't for some time
and i'm getting close to the end of my rope
Well you know already why I think that is happening
Your are expending all of your energy into bad people and then medicating the lameness that causes you to feel
Of course you may need some meditation
But I feel like some of it you dont
And its making you less of yourself
Also you worry about things that are okay
College is hard and people are shit
These things are just that way
nan
Get yo daily dose
HAHAHAHA
I have developed that phantom ailment where your joints randomly swell and its excruciating  
What did you do to solve that 
Stretching, meditation, stretching, glucosamine, collagen protein
Missing those last two. Gotcha 
Dude this guy
Is so freaking sweet
Date number 4
Hookah bar
Omg
Yay!!!
I'm drunk and dancing around my apartment to trap queen by fetti because I finished all my homework
could I get anymore college
Hahahaha go you
Im drinking moonshine and hiking
Could I get any more wv
I'm o jealous
Haha I love and miss you
Xoxoxo
I can't wait to see you
I'm dying
sigh
I love you
Are you feeling any better?
Yes
School is engaging me
Organic chemistry is a whole new world of amazing
Also im so stoned haha
I think I need to go to a doctor about my joints though
i literally cant walk
it's far worse than I could have imagined
Go to the doctor child. And I want to take organic chemistry. I told you the scientist in you would persevere :)
It is
I literally got so happy in lecture today
I love chemistry
I will
I can't exercise
or move
hahahaha
Im sorry my phone died 
Ur good
Dude 
Im baco where 8 started
Im drubk in the quad sleeping
Fuck
Hahahahaha
Go home silly 
Im a masochist 
Maybe
Hahajaha
Trolling online datong for a quick hook up
Lmao
You are cased closed now go home 
Maybe
Well seee
Dude im like on cloud 8
Almost nine
Thats so fanatic  :)
Dude like couldn't even think straight after we kissed 
It was precious
Thats adorable 
I hope this is a thing 
Young people
He was like
I reAlly like you hunter 
Please come see me soon
Awhhh!!!!!
Youngins
Thats so cute
You called Hunter.
Did you have a thing to tell me?
Im at my low place again 
No why no
I did this to myslef
You are lovely
Drink some water and get some food and go to bed
How are you feeling bud?
fine
how are you??
Workin workin
Happy happy
3 hours of sleep swagger
Hella tired
"Hella"
Im in that boat
Hella 
Michael says hella a lot. Hes hella from California.  
Also a dude just came into work and I looked into his eyes and almost fell down he looked straight into my soul
What
And apparently he is my new coworker
Oh wow
And knows me somehow and was like I WANT TO SEE YOUR LIZARDS
Blew me away
Wtf
How
nan
He gave me this
OMG
Haha
nan
Laugh you fool ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED
Cool eric
HAHAHAHA
Thats the real joke
Right there
Ive almost finished a nine hour shift after 3 hours of drunken sleep
I AM SUPERMAN
I am doing the same thing except class not work haha
Im in stats right now
So bored of fhis already
We are paralleling again
Dude just get me out of intermediate algebra
And Ill be good
I could honestly use tutoring
If you think you could show me a couple of things
Im good at math. I got like a 28 on my math act. Haha. Any time you need help feel free to ask!!!
Okay thank youuuu
Once I sleep some more we can do that
But sleep is more important than math
 This is true
Im good at math too dude but my teacher sucks and I havent been in a math class in 4 years
Understandable then haha
So dude
Have you had good moonshine before?
Erm 
Nope
65% alcohol
Smoother than any liquor I've ever had
No fogginess no sickness
No hangover
Straight up magic
I will see if I can get you some for your birthday but you have to promise me to drink responsibly because you cannot tell how drunk you are with this stuff
Omg
That would be so amazing
Michael explained to me how to make it so the bad stuff is cooked off
Its pretty easy apparently
But I will ask him :3 
That would be delightful 
Thats so cool 
It is freakin super cool and I know its annoying when people babble about other people so I won't but just know that i am so happy to have met someone who can teach me stuff 
Thats a wonderful thing
Dude is ordering a literal gallon of coconut oil 
Ive converted him
Also you should try sleeping on the floor instead of the couch
I'm on the floor now
I can't believe I'm in the situation i'm in
this mess
I have contrived this
Hey pal
Hows it going?
As good as it can be
Howre you
Super hoy
Hot
Me toooo
Had to go on a tour across campus to the greenhouse
Im inside now and heat is just radiating off me
But im almost done with classes for the day
Im in my last one
Took off my socks and shoes. Ohhh yea
This weird kid in my speech class is sitting here reading me news articles
Shut up Paul green
Jesus he won't shut up
Sorry im bothering you during class
I just love you so much
I understand 
You're fine
Haha
Im learning about shocking dogs brains
Oh god no haha
That sounds horrid and fun
Observing how everyone including myself uses a cell phone to avoid communication with their peers
In communication class
nan
Fish lives matter
HAHAHAHAHAHA OMG
Comm teacher keeps saying
'I prewarned yall'
Jesus
oh  god
Hahaha
She's being so racist and sexist
Grad students mam
Man
Maam
Hahaha
yes mam
yes'm
Yesm
Fresh salmon witha brown sugar glaze
Omg
I had trout last night
Michael caught it and grilled it
Mmmm
I almost want to just use his nickname
Which is super cute
Poptart
I can't get ober the fact that we share a name
Yea I have heard people call him Mike and mikey but he calls himself michael so haha
OK
MICHAEL IT IS
Yea I havent told him that my best best best friend is also michael 
haha
omg
But I shall
Im telling you its going sloooow
good
Hahaha
We just hang out and then occasionally kiss and thats about it
that's interesting
Although he had a neglectful mother and i feel like he's searching for a mom figure 
Which is
Offputtinf
But
He is also very far from home and doesn't feel at home
where is he from then?
So if I can make him feel at home im glad to
California
Hes been here a few months
thats reall intersting
 He reminds me of me in VB
He is so so smart and emotionally intelligent
But he is running from something and has some sort of chaos in him
He may end up leaving to travel around the us or something at some point
So for now im just taking it for what it is
nan
Michael have you been smoking chemtrails
HAHAHAHA
no that's for real
I know im just joshin
*is autistic*
Im totally watching drake and josg
Josh
I love that show
so much
haha
Me friggin too dude
THE PERUVIAN PUFF PEPPER
look I just ordered this because of serendipity 
nan
good ole SiO2
Hahaha
Right
I am a "rockhound"
Apparently
what the christ is that
Hahaha
An amateur stone collector
HAHAHA
Right lololol
I want to go to lewisburg
And hunt for rocks
That sounds neat
In the caves
Also
I think as a job
I want to be a college professor
That's awesom
e
I kinda do too
And do research
YES
You're on my team now
On metabolic biochemistry 
In what?
any idea yet?
YES
Hahaha
yes
I love biochemistry
you will too
taking nutrition if you can
I love that as well
We should both work at the same college
Or
Work at opposing ones and laugh at their rivalry 
HAHA
#RIVALS
#absurd
#collegeforever
#gettenureandgetlaid
i want this shit forever mine ever mine ever
Hahahaha
shuttin shit down at the mall
so big sean was here
and I missed it
I was like
dude i know that one song
I AINT FUCK WIT YOU
You missed it damn
I have mad deja vu over big Sean right now
Hahaha
hahaha
nice
#
Hash tag Rollin with the homies
Full time vapist
It ain't easy bein cheesy
Quoth the raven 
Paramore
Talking to Michael tighe like
nan
Lost it
Oh my god
So dwight says that on the office
Also mack on sunny
So whats up with tuffy and Jack?
idk
I'm sorry
They're fine
i think
As in being fed?
as far as I know
Isaac broke up with me and I feel so powerless now. Idk what to do
Oh jesus 
Well
How did that go?
well I didn't end up doing it
it he did
nothing has changed in terms of our dynamic
Also powerless is goof
he just said he wanted to "strip the label" because he hates labels andbecause for the first part of our relationship i wanted it and he said something like it was his tur nto not have it
Good
so he basically broke up with me in a nice way?
BUT
I still do his dishes
his laundrey
pay for everything
I'm POWERLESS
I paid his rent last month
WTF IS WRONG WITH ME
I am in a TOXIC environment
and he hung a card on the fridge
from a friend
Doing what?
congratulating him for ending things with me
passive agresssively
I do everything for him
STILL
WHY
WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME
Listen, remember when you called Chris and cussed at him for ruining my existence
Yes
I of course do
I would do that to Isaac but I respect you
I will never forget it
Hey now
I respected you I just was confused about what to do
I am ruined though lmao
I have no ambitions really
nothing
I am a SHELL of the awesome person I was a year ago
Well let me put it this way
I let another person take the one thing that makes me me
Why would I do thaty
If I were there I would be stomping his ass
Physically
He is a SHIT person
Lea wants to throw him out of the apartment
because I have to pick up all his slack because he's a gross slob
I don't know
I don't want to say he's a shit person
but he made me change
I'm so much weaker than I was
He is though
Hes shit
You have idealized this bratty little ego maniac 
like
the first 5 months of our relationship
I would have bet money that we would get married
but now it's like
I think he was just manipulating me
and I'm so not used to being on the other end of that
I just let it happen
I'm supposed to be in control
but I gave it up
to what end though
I'm now alone
I gave it up in hopes that I wouldn't be
that's so sad
reading aloud hahaha
You are paying so much energy to another person and none to yourself
Even if he were a stand up guy, that's not good
Looking at onion layers under a microscope
I know
What is this
IVE DONE THAT
Ogre lab
it's to learn how to prepare slide specimens
ITSL ALL OGRE NOW
I watched shrek the third on sunday
it's so bad
also I definitely think I have a substance abuse problem and I don't know how to handle it
So tell Isaac
He doesnt want me up there for your birthday
He may not even be here
he is probably visiting his sister that weekend
and lea is going home for her dads birthday
That's like half my friend group haha
Well good because its just u n me
You would love my new place
It's actually the one thing ive been able to enjoy fully
Well im glad
Im about to move into my little brothers room
And paint it
In a couple of weeks
That sounds lik3 a fun project
I guess ill be living there for a few years 
I like it but I just dont want to bring any males over
Oh yeah
That haha
Right now I have separated myself from josh
And all of a sudden everyone wants my dick
Spencer,  michael tighe, poptart
I am in a similar position but i feel too badly to pursue that
Theres this guy who is like head over heels for me
But it means nothing tonme right now 
Hes so nice though 
Well you know my advice
You CAN get over this
You just have to want to
You spiral
And you dont want to stop the spiral because it takes a quick amount of force 
But you can pull yourself out
Also kendall has spencers baby hahahaha
OMFG 2AT
Wat
Omgg
Yea he messaged me bitching like I would give him sympathy hahaha
They had sex ONE TIME
and she got pregnant
Praise the universe
But hes trying to get me to visit him to piss her off
I almost would just because hes sort of fun
Holy shit whatre the fucking oddds hahahaha
Im telling you dude. Karma. Its real.
Spencer was really cute though id maybe bang him but mehhh not a great personality
And seeing as I basically have sex with people's personalities maybe not
ie being demisexual
haha
Yes that
So this Michael guy
Let me show you him
nan
He is my height 
And so innocent
Awhhh
He is so precious
And legitimately cutw
Cute
Thats wonderfuo
I am about to start cognitive science and you bet your ass im gonna have a philosophical debate with the prof
That sounds like so much fun dude
I LOVE COG SCI
Its like philosophy and neurobiology intersect
Like do we have free will
What are we
I want to take that class
So badly
I want to take all of the science
I am detoxing from romance today
Have no sent one message to any of my current prospects 
Prospect sounds bad but its accurate 
Im like twitching and checking my phone every second
But I refuse to give them attention they aren't giving me
Ou god that sucks
Thats nervous 
Yikes
The more you give yourself to your relationships the more you hate them
YES
I will never hate you though
Sorry
Haha
Never ever
Ever
Never in a billion years
We will be invincible nihilists by then
Yes
Statyed from the bottom now we here
Invincible nihilist
Hahaha yessss
Its so obvious I want to fuck my professor
I am kissing his ass
Figurarively at this point 
"At this point"
Hahahahahaha
Jesus
I just argued with my communications teacher until everyone got full points fkr a quiz question on ethics
Hahaha
YES
You doin me proud 
Thank you mom
Ur welcome chile
Mmmm chile
 Puh-seudo
Comm teacher just said that
nan
Word
Haahah
nan
TRIGGERED
This bitch got on my nerves saying how food is mow medicine a few days ago
This was bound to happen
I hate people like thay
Like
Close minded
Masquerading as open minded
Idiots
IDIOTS
if you were here I would take you to qdoba
Like heres this thing *BUT*
i have a coupon for there
I DO TOO
Omg
Squad
Its destiny
And the burrito is destinys child 
Squad goals haha
Squad goals
Should I go totally apeshit on this bitch
And then delete her
Yes
Hahaha
I do it
I hate ignorance
Haha
Worth it
nan
Daaaamn
100
Hahaha
She contradicted herself
She did hahahaha
In asserting her own anxiety as a praxis for her argument
Like whay
You just said dont do that
I mentioned that she just claimed she had a disorder on facebook
This bitch has always rubbed me the wrong qhy
Way
Like she deconstructed her point
Idiot
Scene girl army wife
Get out
Ew
Hahaha
Thank you for being my audience 
The pleasure is all mine
I miss you so much
Come back to me
I've thought about it
nan
I made dis. Haha
Johns people never called me back and these klonopin are not helping
My anxiety is so baf
Bad
Im crying because I .ca sleep
Go to another psychiatrist then
No one will see me
Thats the rea son I see John
Thanks so much for the help michael
Jesus christ
Nevermind
Idk what else to tell you
Like
I really dont
Hes my only option too
But he has like 40 patients
Yea and you ask him for a script and you get jt
I have to go through his office and they won't even return my calls
I honestly dont know what im supposed to do in this situation 
What would you like for me to do
You could mention to him that I called his office and the ladies wanted to talk to him before they made me an appointment because I havent been in so long and I never heard back from them
ok
i can do that
I appreciate it. 
I sent him an email earlier
Okay, thank you
how was your weekend?
Worked mostly, homework all day today, had a ptsd attack from my step mom so im sleep i at my moms 
Jesus
that
what happened?
She traumatized me as a child 
So
Yeah i sort of remember that
haha
Being in her house triggers my anxiety
not a big shock then
I started crying at the sound of her voice today
I wanted to hurt someone
I was shaking
She made me feel like shit as a small child
I wanted to kill myseld when I was 6 years old
Jesus
that's awful
Yes
Thats why I need more effective medication 
Asap
I cant even sleep
I got 5 hours last night
yeah
a med change would do you some good
look up buspar
maybe that would work well for oyu
that prescribe it a lot at the hospital
haha
Tried it before, made me want to kill myself
I dont want an antidepressant
I need something just for anxiety 
Yea i see that
Klonopin worked but I had to take three at once and leave the house
Yeah thats not effective enough 
Nope especially because I get adrenal fatigue so fucking easily. 
I have a meeting with the vp about a research job today
Im so excited
OMG
tell me more
what kind of research?
Im not even sure yet
that's gonna be awesome
try and come up with some ideas and impress him. like things you're interested in n stuff
this is so awesome
I emailed someone about working in their lab recently
still no reply
1500 a semester
Hell yea
ooh thats a good idea
that's sweeeeeet
Hey
yeah
look through the dpeartment website
and see who is doing shit
that you think is cool
Ive been eating at qdoba waiting for josh to show up because I figured why not have lunch with him
Why not
And im almost done eating and he walks in and like
Attacks me
So that's why not
ew
Hahahaha
when my mom was his age
I was 9
just reminding
omg
OMG
ANDY
HAHAHAHA
on the office
just said
"I have some bacon wrapped dates"
omggggg
Yes
Hahaha
Oh dude I went to lost work caverns with michael
And he is simply exquisite
He spent an hour rock shopping with me
It was like geckos but worse
Hahaha
Lost world* bahahaha
that's awesome
LOST WORK
LAWST WERK
also I just found a person who may interest you at wvsu:

 Dr. Jonathan Eya: Nutritional Immunology
What does he do??
not sure specifically
but that's one of their subspecialties
I gotta check dat out
That feeling when someone asks what youre doing on any given day and the answer is basically "trying to keep my grades up". Ugggggh
HAHAHA
YOU FEEL IT NOW
Yesssss new friends but no time to get to know them
Still nothing from john, seeing my primary care physician,  almost passed out yesterday,  chronic fatigue, feeling violent 
Sorry dude
nan
I tried
Thumbs up inadvertent 
Im so behind in school
I hate where I live
I can't destress to study
I dont know what im doing
:(((
I dont know
You have to find a way to make it work man
Life sucks
We all fall behind sometimes 
I haven't cooked anytging without coconut oil in a month
i feel FANTASTIC
I get it now
See I told you
Haha
I'm making salmon right now
I found this sweet bourbon seasoning
that's good on
basically anything
fish
chicken
bread
hands
Yummmm
I just had a bunch of blood taken so I need to eat and sleep
Haha
Want me to call my mom as a last pitch effort for john? or do you want to abandon the idea
oh ok
yeah
do that
haha
I mean if you want to do that you can. My primary care is going to reach out to him too
This is good
I don't know what's up with him lately
I'll do that though
Thanks bud
Hey so can I get tuffy and jack?
Yes!
When? 
whenever you like
Tomorrow?
Sure!
Any idea what time is best?
late afternoon
I might be in beckley until this evening, ill let you know
Okay cool
nan
New roooom
Nice!!
https://twitter.com/kosher_coconut
YESYESYESYESTHANKYOU
I love it
So I found someone who takes tortoise rescues
Can I pick up those two tonight?
I would assume. My mom said to text her and ask her 3049321629. If she doesn't reply just ask me.
Okay cool.
I miss you
It makes me so sad
Stop going to college so far away
Silly
Oh dude
Yesterday i went down tk beckley to see michael
Gave him a gecko because thats what I do
Etc
Everything is fine
And then I park in their driveway
He lives with his brother and sister in law
Sister in law is MENTAL
HAHA
she has never spoken to me but hates my guts
TELL ME MORE
So back to yesterday
ok ok
I park in her spot
She blares the horn, I come out and tell michael to get in the car, I'm not going inside their house because fuck her
The whole time she is screaming at me from her car
I drop him off later last night
All of his things are packed and on the porch.
oh my goooooooooddddddd
Swear.
So.
He got kicked out 
jesus christ dude
He left for a job in virginia today because he was going to work there and then come back here for a few days on and off
So hes probably just not coming back now
I ruin everything I touch
Not really but
What a fucking crazy outcome
dude
:/
I did not even have sex with this guy.  We were going on dates. We were working on something substantial possibly 
I know :(
And now nothing
Im not particularly upset at the situation
But I am interested to see what happens next
I'm glad you're not upset
No reason to be. If anything its a blessing that i can focus on school more now.
That's a GREAT mentality
Thank you im trying to be the best at life that i can so things are less painful haha
In the mean time
Cat sapp was trying to fuck josh
who
WHO
And now her baby daddy might murder him
Catherine sap
hAHA
We went to school with her
Blue haired chick haha
i don't know her
haha
Well she WAS my friend
She upset the power balance
*WAS*
So now shes trash
fuck her then
I dont actually want josh
But he is still mine
Hahahahaha
tru
hahaha
Mam
Man
mam
lol
Playing with people
Are we gods
Because sometimes I think so
sometimes
Uggggh pretending to care about if josh fucks my friend
Losing interest
Jesus
I only care about the hunt
The kill is boring
Oh god I broke the fourth wall
nan
Im dying oh god hahahaha
sensitive spot
Crying laughing
As if he is in control
Of anything
Especially himself 
Accidentally getting emotionally invested
Nooooope
Noooope
shut it down
shut it down
HAHAHA
Nothing back from yer mom yet but ill go get them whenever she wants
Also nothing from john
Which I dont really understand
But whatever
My mom told him
I talked to her the other day
idk man
Well I dont know
Haha
Got em
So tell me again the dates you want me to come up
Ill need to request off work
 the 25th. Or this weekend. Or the 2nd. Whichever works for you. The 25th is when my actual birthday is obvi
Haha yes.  Ill talk to my boss. Hes already pissed at me for calling off to get blood work done on my iron levels. 
Fuck that man haha
Hes an asshole
My iron is fine though
Surprise
Haha
My weird joint thing went away
it was weird
Well good
Could be stess induced
think about this: no living animal has both teeth and feathers
wtf
Like
that's so weird
Chickens have sort of teeth
Haha
But yes thats very odd 
I was just reading my stats book
and it says like
"two events are mutually exclusive if they can't ever happen concurrently. Such as an animal having teeth and feathers"
I was like oh my god
U RIGHT
Damn bahahaha
They say that like its common knowledge 
Nbd guys
RIGHT
so I got this research gig that's like computer coding human behavior
here's the downside
I know nothing about coding
Your mom mentioned that to me
I bet youll learn fast
No problems
I'm kind of catching on but it's ruffff
haha
Psh its all algebra to me
albegra
Yes hahaha
albegra
FUCK stop
Hahahaha
veen doobiegram
~plots
HAHA
so look
Is dont have a point to make or anything
But look
okay
hahaha
nan
that's aesthetically pleasing to me
ME TOO ITS ORGANIZED
I love it so so so much
squad goals #organization#
All squad members must color coordinate
rule number one of going bar hopping
color coordinate & vape.
BEND AND SNAP
OMG I WATCHED LEGALLY BLONDE YESTERDAY
haven't seen that shit in forever
bend and fuckign snap
Yesss classic move dude classic move
Hahaha
Im so upset 
Why
Mindy threw a fit and said I was taking advantage of her because I spent more than she expected on my food
Wtf logic is that 
Right
She pays for her son to go to tap dancing practice literally so he can see a girl he likes
I got a scholarship and saved them 1800 dollars
Oh WOW
And I get this shit
And shes like
Well where is the money from the geckos youre selling
Like im supposed to, once again, support myself off my animals
If im doing that shit ill fucking move
God damn dude 
Ill be okay mostly because I always will be and if it comes down to it ill live out of my car on the farm
Ill get grants and loans and get through school regardless
Because thats what I need to do
I literally have no school expenses besides books this year
Ill be okay
that's great i mean
like
some people have to worry about so many more expenses than that
I think you're doing fine!
mindy is just
mindy
Shes an emotional wreck
Yes
Hey tell me again the prof at state doing that immuno something research please
Dr. Jonathan Eya i think
Okay ill have to try to find him. In the meantime I may need to work more to pay for my own stuff.
DUDE
Just got a call from the research office 
They had a student drop out of the research program and now I can get in it. Im either going to be doing green chemistry research, salamander research, or helping to train dogs to sniff out truffles to study some sort of symbiosis between truffles and trees.
FIRST ONE OR SECOND ONE
I like the first one
Im so excited for you
Im really excited. Mindy acts like she cares but she doesn't and its honestly pretty upsetting.  She doesnt even treat me like her kid. Like im a stranger living here and eating her food.
Thats not the case
Thats fucked 
She should be excited for you
They only care about their kids
Thats why once I get my loans im going to look at other options
I dont blame you dude
My long distance support isnt enough to negate her ridiculousness 
Haha
Shes like
I want to cry. Its not nothing I do is worth anything. 
The dont celebrate me as a person
They*
 I suppose not..
Im afraid to use loans to live on
But I really want to
But its terrifying 
I still cant even do my math
Ive got a test tomorrow and no idea how to do any of jt
Because they wont help me get my room together where I try to study
Send me photos of the work. Ill help. Thats literally the only way i can do anything for you right now
I am living on loans
You get used to the feeling
cuz
EVERYONE  IS
I mean
I could learn the math if I had a desk
Thats all ive asked for
 You dont have a desk???
No
Oooook
Study at the library at school 
?
Im falling behind in science and math 
I guess I will have to stay at the library but I have to come home to eat
And try to work on my room
Im painting my room so I can put the desk in
I have to go pick the desk up myself
Its in storage 
Theyre not helping me with real stuff
And they dont want to give me money
Im about to tell my dad all of this because mindy just left
YES DO THAT 
Address all of this 
Throw it all out there
Theyre emotionally retarded 
He said hes going to talk to mindy about it
So
We will see I guess
Mindy is just so nonchalant about how she doesnt give a shit
I met this guy in class
Lives literally down the road from me also on the river 
Added me on facebook. Eats like I do. Into meditation.  Cute. 
Look at my attempt at doing something about it. Im so odd.
nan
that's
interesting
IT WORKED
Omg
Ahhhh dude hes so smart and nice and actually talks intelligently
And lives down the street from me
Thank you universe
that's wonderful
Worked for the department of defense. Majoring in poli sci
What
WHA
YES HE IS AWESOME
He has a ton of cash from being into that shit
Lived in kuwait
Etc
ABANDON ALL PLANS HE HAS A BOAT
REPEAT HE HAS A BOAT
What the heck!!
its a bass boat but fuck it dont care its fast girls like fast things right
Hahaha
Omg
Tell me
Tell you?
I dont know. I just got invited to a fire with wine on the river. SHIT IS REAL RIGHT NOW
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN
College is treating you well lmfao
HAHAHA
I met this wonderful pre law grad
He gave me some life lessons today
Also a boxer
Hahaha
No way 
And has a gold grill
Like what
What eveb
Hahaha
Like
A grill
I swear
Yes
And hes like 6'6
Of course he is lol
Hahaha
Dude I didnt even fail that math test today
I went and studied with the prof before class
Awesome
That always helpz
S
Take advantage of office hours n stuff
Yes for sure but right now im about to take advantage of a cultured well off veteran 
Hollaaaaa
#baegoals
I need to shut up
Boals
Hahahahahaha
Ebola
Im sorry im just a little excited
No i would be too
I found an awesome grad program today
In biophysics. I might go for that 
DO THAT YES
Do it
Yes
Like math modeling for neural networks and brain circuits
How cool is that 
I think im destined to be a wacky scientist not a family care doctor
Im too crazy for that
I just wrote am algorithm for deciding on netflix movies
Med school doesnt need me loo
Hahahahaha
Dude you ARE a wacky scientist
You can help me test my metaphysics
How so
Im not sure but ill figure it out 
Says the metaphysicist to anything
Hahahahahaha
Mindy just explained to me how john overmedicates his patients and has since the 70s hahaha
Oh is she a psychiatrist now
Haha
Everyone else is just a pussy
HAHAHA
Yes
Hahahaha
Im going over to dudes house
DUDE HAS A HOUSE
Wish me luck hahaha
Good luck
Hahaha
So remember that scenario where we find someone amazing but they can see through us and its scary?
yes
yes
Okay well that has happened to me 
And its terrifying 
And it makes me uncomfortable
But this guy is literally perfect for me
I need to stick with this
Spent the last three nights with him, he made me gluten free spaghetti,  grass fed beef, we laughed about reality and psychology 
But he is TOO GOOD
whats the catch
there has to be one
The catch is I am a manipulator and there is nothing to manipulate
well gotdam
It feels like i am approaching to relationship like its an object I have to win
And thats fucking me up
damn like
that's psychoogially weird
Hes a god damned genius
Not a dick pretending to be smart 
Also
He likes me A LOT
and I feel lesser
That's crazy dude
awesome sauce
Ahhh is it though?
i THINK
I dont know how to act
I feel weasely
You would genuinely actually love this guy
Seriously 
juvenile said it best
" she working that back I don't know how to act "
Would i?
He sounds cool to me
HAHAHA
hes so smart and funny and nice and aware
Oh something I learned last night
He actually had a stroke about two months ago
And this is him slowed down 
Like holy shit how was he before?
holy shit
a stroke
haha
what the hell
Hes 31 and awesome physical condition 
They did a full work up
Xouldnt find anything wrong 
But a bit of his right thalamus is dead now
But like woah what if id met this guy before hand 
Oh well
you have met him now
so
Im going to murder my mom
hahaha
why
Shes making me sit and watch her make a twitter account
Im going to lose my shit
oh my god
WHAT
hahahahah
what even
Had to leave
She makes me feel so negative 
shocker
she's like
idk ma
n
Succubus
she's the same as she's always been
Hahaha
Yee
Yes
hello
hi
heyheyhey
hi
hi friend
so let me get some vape juice in my vaper
and then ill open this quiz
you probably know all of the answers
i did not get to study
ok cool
also
omg
I found
an UP SCALE vape shop
in the short north
NO WAY
like it's for like businessmen or some shit
haha
omg hahaha
there are leather couches inside
like tiffanys jewelry
HAHAHA
yes like that
well i believe james is going to allow me to use him for his jeep and we will come up and we can visit there
dude you will love this guy
seriously
tell me more about him
hes a little more emotional than us
but hes SO intuitive
like, looks at me and says like "whats wrong? what are you thinking about"
or, the weirdest was
he grabbed my face and looked deep into my eyes and goes "youre doing a great job.  everything is going to be okay"
i had to sit down
and like
reevaluate myself
hahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB
RIGHT
he told me i live in my head too much and that i should start voicing my thoughts
which is true
this is true
he is more grounded than i am
less heady
still very very smart but less into like chi and shit haha
but he is willing to listen to me talk about it
like, he is TOTALLY open minded
he does not get upset at differing opinions
that's awesome
wonderful debater
so like
a little emotionally needy but meh
tell me how fucked this is
hahaha
okay
go
>use dating apps for hookups to saturate myself in mindless sex to ignore my emotional problems
>ohp everyone on the hook up sites would rather take me out for dinner and talk to me then marry me
what happened to the gays
we used to be so sexually overactive
HAHAHAHAHA
what happened to the gays
hahahahaha
hahahahahahahaha
THE gays
dying
a gay
A GAY
people who say
"a black" or "a gay"
I LOVE THOSE PEOPLE
HAHA
THEYRE GREAT
HAHAHAHAHA
oh man
this weekend is about to be off the chizzain
it isssssss bruh
are you ready to help me with some science
yes
okay awesome youre the best. also i promise i will study more because I GOT A DESK
OK OK
haha
alright obvi its timed
so we have to try to be speedy
oh boi
ok
will do
not a life or death thing
but answers would be helpful
lol
right
okay starting now
gotcha haha
Compared with fermentation, the aerobic pathways of glucose metabolism produce
  A. more ATP. 	
  B. pyruvate. 	
  C. fewer protons for pumping in the mitochondria. 	
  D. less carbon dioxide. 	
  E. more oxidized coenzymes.
More ATP
awesome haha
I'm like 90% sure
haha
Which statement about pyruvate is false?
  A. It is the end product of glycolysis. 	
  B. It becomes reduced during fermentation. 	
  C. It is a precursor of acetyl CoA. 	
  D. It is a protein. 	
  E. It contains three carbon atoms.
well it's not a protein
it's a sugar
i thought it was b
but im not sure
no wait
a?
well it's not the end product
it is reduced
and it's not a protein
I think
the MOST incorrect answer is that it's a protein
All of these choices are O-K
okay then haha
i got the question mixed around in my head
we're good
we good
Fermentation
  A. takes place in the mitochondrion. 	
  B. takes place in all animal cells. 	
  C. does not require O2. 	
  D. requires lactic acid. 	
  E. prevents glycolysis.
c?
YEP
YAY GOT ONE
it's ANAEROBIC
exactery
In the light reactions, electrons from _______ replenish chlorophyll molecules that have given up electrons.
  A. carbon dioxide 	
  B. water 	
  C. NADPH + H+ 	
  D. O2 gas 	
  E. carbohydrates
i think this is also c
or e
C
NADPH acts as an oxidizing agent
yes thank you
side note we need to study bio together
seriously
this is helping me so much
When a molecule loses hydrogen atoms (as opposed to hydrogen ions), it becomes
A. reduced. 	
  B. oxidized. 	
  C. redoxed. 	
  D. hydrogenated. 	
  E. hydrolyzed.
OXIDIZED
How many moles of CARBON DIOXIDE must enter the Calvin cycle for the synthesis of one mole of glucose?
  A. 1 	
  B. 2 	
  C. 3 	
  D. 6 	
  E. 12
6 moles I believe
it's eihther 6 or 12
but I'm leaning toewards 6
i thought 6 too
yeah I think that's it
the different between red and blue light
is wavelengths
correct?
yes
i knew it just making sure
The citric acid cycle
  A. has no connection with the respiratory chain. 	
  B. takes place in the mitochondrion. 	
  C. reduces two NAD+ for every glucose processed. 	
  D. produces no ATP. 	
  E. is the same thing as fermentation.
i want to say c
It oxidizes carbon i think
it def takes place in the mitochondrion
awesome then
The energy source for the synthesis of carbohydrates in the Calvin cycle is
  A. ATP only. 	
  B. photons. 	
  C. energized chlorophyll a. 	
  D. NADPH + H+. 	
  E. NADPH and ATP.
this one got me twisted
NADPH and ATP. The H+ is just an electron carrier and the photons are converted. The actual energy is from the NADPH and ATP
well go further into that some other time so i understand fully but yes okay
thank you
Ok neat
I have something that may be of use to you
when this quiz is over
just lemme know when we're done
10 leftThe hydrogen ion gradient is maintained by
  A. electron transport and proton pumping. 	
  B. the splitting of water. 	
  C. the ionization of glucose. 	
  D. ATP synthase. 	
  E. acetyl CoA.
lol
a?
Yes electrons-->ions
always make that connections
it's the pumps
pumping away
yay okay
next one
During the fermentation of one molecule of glucose, the net production of ATP is _______ molecule(s).
  A. one 	
  B. two 	
  C. three 	
  D. six 	
  E. eight
i wanna say 6
i think it's two
okay
During electron transport, the energy to produce ATP is provided by
  A. heat. 	
  B. NADPH. 	
  C. ground-state chlorophyll. 	
  D. the reactions of the electron transport chain. 	
  E. the Calvin cycle.
nadph?
or d?
D
It's always the redox reactions
like a chain
making bonds releases energy
yes
bam bam bam bam
transfering
When a photon is absorbed by chlorophyll,
  A. the chlorophyll becomes "excited," or energized. 	
  B. a greater number of light wavelengths can be absorbed. 	
  C. ATP is split into ADP, phosphate, and energy. 	
  D. hydrogen ions are released. 	
  E. the chlorophyll molecules fluoresce.
d?
and e
or just e
Okay this is basic chem. Something absorbs a photon, it ALWAYS goes from a ground to excited state. So A
genius, i thought that but i thought it was just the elctrons that got excited
Well photosynthesis works the same way
so there ya go
haha
glucose metabolism
begins with glycolisis
right?
Oh yay
yeah
wait
Yes
the sugar splitting
yes haha
yes
yes
almost done
When hydrogen ions are pumped from the mitochondrial matrix across the inner membrane into the intermembranous space, the result is the
  A. formation of ATP. 	
  B. reduction of NAD+. 	
  C. creation of a proton gradient. 	
  D. restoration of the sodium-potassium balance across the membrane. 	
  E. reduction of glucose to lactic acid.
c?
C I believe yep
awesome
When a photon is absorbed by a molecule, the photon
  A. loses its ability to generate any energy. 	
  B. raises the molecule from a ground state of low energy to an excited state. 	
  C. affects the molecule in ways that are not clearly understood. 	
  D. causes a change in the velocity of the wavelengths. 	
  E. makes the molecule more stable.
b
right?
exactly
see the pattern here
the power of the sun
yes all hail amun ra
last question
Oxidation and reduction
  A. entail the gain or loss of proteins. 	
  B. are defined as the loss of electrons. 	
  C. are both endergonic reactions. 	
  D. always occur together. 	
  E. proceed only under aerobic conditions
ok
b?
or e
Always occur together
they are Exchanging electrons
AWESOME THANK YOU SO MUCH
Yep!
ill bring my book this weekend
haha
we can go over stuff
Go for it
Yeah
that would be cool
i have a test on wednesday and i dont understand a good portion of the stuff
Which bio book do you use? Campbell?
Ok
I can help you
the principals of life
2nd edition
ok
different book
but same stuff
its a really good book
i just need to read it
haha
now i need a post quiz snack
mmm
so as a political viewpoint
are you a socialist or an anarchist
Anarchist. Or anarcho syndaclist
okay then this will be a good weekend
hahaha
I LIKE THE SOUND OF THIS 
YES
let me show you this guy
have i yet?
No
Show me 
his name is james byrd
he is "unsearchable" on facebook haha
tell me if you can see the profile
https://www.facebook.com/james.byrd.560?fref=ts
he's the skinny one
I can
he has a yellow jeep and a black jetta
both paid off <3
Independent do u know what that mean
what haha
Spell out independent 
Youll remember the song
Hahaja
Why is it cold 
Its cold
Im wearing a goodie 
HAHAHAHA
Hope is 
NO
hahahaha
a goodie
an oldie too?
Goodn
Oldn
so how much will these #tats cost us do you think
50-60 dollars?
dude I'm not sure
shop minimum is usually 80 right?
normally 50
they will be small
so
I like
almost think color is necessary though
but it doesn't have to bhe
idk
what color
?
just the reds and greens and stuff
etc
black line would be cool too though
yeah
or black with one other color
so first class sitting beside james and no one is any more the wiser
Haha really??
although we were talking to a classmate and the guy said something about a smart ass and james goes "i like my women like i like my ass; smart"
and im like LOOOOL
he makes a lot of really terrible jokes
that are very clever but super sleazy
and then he makes fun of himself
haha
hes just so happy that he can talk to me about higher thoughts and eating right, like he has been alone in that for so long
Thats amazing dude
so is isaac still with you or?
Hes beside me
Lol
oh well erm
nevermind
is he going to be there this weekend?
Yahhhhhh
What were you gonna say?
your mom told me to kick his ass in the street
She told lea that too
She needs to stop
Its intrusive
it is
but before she told me this
i wanted to hurt him
because he is hurting my best friend
and i WILL be unreasonably protective
I know you will
I know
I would too 
Obviously 
obvi
Obvioii
you better tell him to watch himself though
like, seriously
if james is with me i will hold myself back
because i dont want to seem too ratchet
Hahaha
beating peoples asses and whatnot
Hey friend 
How are you
I miss you
I may be admitting myself to the hospital again today but idk yet
No why tell me
Miiel 
Mikel
Im trying to figure ofut what to do
I need mer adjustments and im harming myself and im suicidal again
I might not need to
I have a therapy appointment 
Well I cancelled work this weekend so please just pull through this. Kick isaac out. He is doing this to you. 
Working on it i promise
I promise you that youre going to be fine.  You are always actually fine.   Just go somewhere and be alone. Take a nap. Eat something yummy. Watch the office.
I got a D on my math test and im thanking jesus for it
Hahaha
haha
awesome
and things are good now
I'm sorry I freaked out early
ierj
pqeofj
pfuck
fuck
Youre fine and I love you
OK!
nan
Food is the cure all
I told you haha
Yessss
Hi friend
hi friend
so
im trying to study for bio
but im lacking so much in info
the class moves by so quickly
its hard for me to grasp stuff
bring yout stuff this weekend
I'll get you up to speed
okay certainly, ill be travelling alone as well
What are you having the most trouble with?
just
\conceptualizing
because i didnt get time to read all the chapters
adph
Ok
or whatever
bruh
that
you gotta read
READ
throws me through a loop
I JUST GOT MY DESK
Well utilize that bitch
im trying to haha
hahaha
im at it RIGHT NOW
i was watching videos
OHHHHH KILL EM
but they move so fast
OOOOOH
Try kahm academy
type in a topic and then kahn academiy in google
super helpful info and vids
genius idea
bro
I WANT TO BREAK FREE FROM YOUR LIES YOURE SO SELF SATISFIED I DONT NEED YOU
hahaha
im so tired but
caffeine
ugh real college life
for real
I'll teach you how to study science
it's different than ANYTHING else
there's just little subtle differences in the way you approach things
im seeing that now lol
I realized it reall quick
hahaha
It's hard to get the hang of but worth it
did you
do poorly on any first tests
honestly
i just dont want my prof to hate me
Yes
I did
and think im not paying attention
They don't
also take curves into consideration
my chem class last semester
was so hard
that a C was 59%
and they modeled around that
woahhh hahaha
damn
well thats nice then
but i think a lot of people in my class get it
although they dont speak up in lecture much
Ask questions
talk to your classmates
let me watch this video on membrane transport
and then i may have some questions
okay
woah that video was amazing
that dude is so likable
i learned so much
need to watch more
Right?!
omg thank you for showing me this
i can learn whole chapters in a few minutes
RIGHT
this might help me do well tomorrow haha
fantastic
you'll get it
i promise
it took me some time
thank u 4 yer words of encouragement
i needed them
haha
also i love you so much
ill see you friday!!
oh shit do you need an account number and total for my trip?
i was scheduled for 17 hours, so thats $170, and then i guess 100 would probably cover gas
that should be all i need, ill try to pack food as well
oh lawd i need to go to sleep
haha
Yes i need all that
okay then my account number would be 1000174652189
Routing number and bank?
one moment
its suntrust
routing is
051000020
also get that tattoo hammered out
because we doin this
Thank you for showing me those videos
I believe i did really well
Fantastic 
Im so tired.  Finally feeling college fatigue.
it drains you
Like a sink yo
today in chemistry I learnd about the chemical compound that allowed dogs to identify weed
Hahaha 
Thats amazing
My prof was like
"if you go into an airport with a bag of that chronic, here's why the dogs get you"
he said chronic
HAHAHAHAHA
CHRONIC
Hahaha chronic
I was telling my bio group about our tatters
And theyre like thats so awesome
RIGHT
Can you call and ask how much a black and white 5-6 inch long dna strange would cost
Just so i have some idea
yea I can do that today
And schedule because they can make sure the best person does it
We want the CLEANEST line work possible
With the lightest hand
Holla
Then we need to drink cider to celebrate 
So I hate travelling alone and I almost want to bring shayn
You love him right?
I never fucked wayne I never ducked fake 
Don
don't bring shayn if you can help it
I can't have him here
haha
I NEVER FUCKED FAKE
Okay I wasnt sure how youd feel about it
I need drugs for the drive 
Hahaha
Maybe probably maybe not
Im so high
Crazy cocktail of drugs 
And its freaking me out 
This is why I never do drugs 
HAHA
What did you take
Half a tab of lsd, some great dope, ans some incredible home grown weed 
WHO GROWS WEED
James friend I guess
Can you do the transfer today so ill have gas tomorrow? Also your moms giving me some stuff to take up to you :3
Shes giving you money too
Im gonna give you the other half when i see you
Oh okay cool
My excitement for this weekend is unparalleled 
We're gonna ball till we fall
hahahaha
yes dude
ballin on a budget
we gon write a how to
Hahahaha
We always ball on a budget 
Calling tattoo shop this afternoon 
Hopefully its doable
Ive been exploring designs
yessss
i am so excite
srsly
I wanna go to a cool bar in the short north 
YAY
Even just for a min ya no
am i the only one with a car in this scenatrio?
scenatrio
hahaha
get it
three
HAHAHAHA 
My roommate has a car
oh okay cool
was just checking my privledge right quick
HAHAHAHAHA
Christ
i thought you might lyke that
brb gotta tap out a rough draft on intellect versus instinct
GO GO GO
did I give you my address and parking instructions?
Nope you did not
Ok
So
Address: 
262 E 12th Ave.
Apt 5
Columbus, OH 43201

You approach the apartment from high street, you merge on to E 12th ave. You can basically park anywhere on 12th ave. You will ahve to parallel park though.
Okay das cool
Hey I need a medical opinion 
Hey
ok
James has been having blurred vision, head ache, star bursts in his right eye
Hes afraid hes going to have another stroke
Do you have any idea what those symptoms could be connected with?
Blood pressure? Anxiety? 
Did he have eye surgery at any poont?
No
Not that im aware of 
Now hes anxious 
But hes scaring me
headaches?
That's pretty like
it sounds like cataracts
But last time he had a stroke after this happened, like the day after 
He doesnt want to go to the hospital because he would just be sitting there waiting to have a stroke
could be a TIA
I'd go to the hopsital
Transient stroke? 
yep
Could it be a migraine? 
It very well could be
but with a history
i wouldnt take any chances
Right
But I mean at the hospital
They cant even do anything 
Because hes fine now
rtPA is the treatment fo an ischemic event
they could put him on blood thinners
He takes aspirin and fish oil
Cholestrol medication
But he has no physical risk factors 
high chol puts you at risk for stroke
They couldnt figure out why he had the first one
He doesnt have high cholesterol
They justgave him the medication 
Im just worried about him
His brother and sister and law want me to stay with him tonight 
You just posted joshs favorite opening line to a book
Autists
No
NO
Sorry bud
You liked my sisters post that said
2 types of women i nthis world
and I like died
It was hilarious
Hahahaha
Finally tripped acid with a sociopath
Nearly got killed 
Wait
What do you mean 
FINALLY 
Hahaha
I mean it was bound to happen eventually
I have a type
Literally had to shift back and forth our realities to compromise 
We both had our mind on the gun in the other room
He lost all control
And I mean, we are all sociopaths
But we delude ourselves 
True haja
Like
I cannot believe that shit happe ed
Happened
To be honest it was really great
Reality, unrefined
And evil is the driving force in the world
figures
evil would be
*existential dispair*
I mean, ive never seen it like this
He has killed people so
Im sitting at the dining room table during our several hour long psych stand off
And I hear a repeated pattern of water
oh god
I turn around, and hes waving the faucet back and forth to mimic a machine gun
And im like
IM LEAVING
I walk out the door, he loses control
"Come back, its cold out there"
".....fine"
This dude is a master manipulator of reality
What joe knight aspires to be
I feel lucky to have had this experience
this is bizzare
bizarre**
youre**
Hahaha
I mean I am so in my head
He can hear every thought that I have
And it was making him physically ill
Because I couldnt stop rambling
Dining room table face off
I have the thought " this is my world too"
And he speaks "is it?"
Jesus fucking christ
Im laying in bed trying to sleep, hes doubled over in stomach pain from my thoughts.   He says to me "ITS ALL A GIANT SELF SOOTHING LOAD"
And im like I KNOW BUT MY PARENTS FUCKED ME UP AND NOW I SELF SOOTHE
I'm trying hard to grasp this
lol
How do you think I felt
Trying to grasp that he could have killed me
oh god
eh
Because nothing matters
And he chose not to
interesting
Or rather, I took control
He would have killed me if I had kept egging him on
I feel like women are designed to bring out the primal part of men
The kill part
Its how we control
 I got like four hours of sleep and im trying to recover without self soothing 
So I can keep my control
I need your help with a bio quiz please
ok
shoot
Its probably going to be same deal as last time.  Timed and I dont know too much of it. 
Ok that's fine
and you should study more then haha
Dude my life balance right now
Im trying
I'm not trying to be pushy but if we're gonna do this let's to it now cause I have an exam in two hours and I'm like...outchea grindin so
Word up let me load eem up 
ok
Duiring telophase, the chromosomes
  A. separate. 	
  B. come together. 	
  C. are at opposite poles. 	
  D. line up. 	
  E. cross over.
C
I think
okay
All zygotes are
  A. multicellular. 	
  B. diploid. 	
  C. animals. 	
  D. clones. 	
  E. gametes.
diploid?
okay
A typical eukaryotic cell cycle consists of
  A. mitosis and meiosis. 	
  B. G1, the S phase, and G2. 	
  C. prophase, metaphase, anaphase, and telophase. 	
  D. interphase, mitosis, and cytokinesis. 	
  E. meiosis and fertilization.
c?
B
Is is within the M phase
within the s phase
or rather between the two g phases
thank you child
after i get some sleep ill watch the khan academy videos
During metaphase, homologous chromosomes or the replicated chromatids
  A. separate. 	
  B. come together. 	
  C. are at opposite poles. 	
  D. line up at the equatorial plate. 	
  E. cross over.
good
?
hold on
umm
D
they line up
I think
okay
youre incredible btw
thank you
:  ]
\stion 6 of 20
1.0 Points
The energy to move chromosomes during mitosis is provided by
  A. centrioles. 	
  B. DNA polymerization. 	
  C. migration of the centrosomes. 	
  D. formation of the cell plate. 	
  E. ATP.
What do you think
what provides energy
generally
haha
atp lol
yah
haha
just making sure
Which of the following statements about mitosis is true?
  A. The chromosome number in the resulting cells is halved. 	
  B. DNA replication is completed in prophase. 	
  C. Crossing over occurs during prophase. 	
  D. Two genetically identical daughter cells are formed. 	
  E. It consists of two nuclear divisions.
two daughter cells are formed
okay
Which of the following is not part of sexual reproduction?
  A. The segregation of homologous chromosomes during gamete formation 	
  B. The fusion of sister chromatids during fertilization 	
  C. The fusion of haploid cells from a diploid zygote 	
  D. The reduction in chromosome number during meiosis 	
  E. The production of genetically distinct gametes during meiosis
sister chromatids are not fused
B
okay
One difference between mitosis and meiosis I is that
  A. homologous chromosome pairs synapse during mitosis. 	
  B. chromosomes do not replicate in the interphase preceding meiosis. 	
  C. homologous chromosomes can cross over during meiosis but not during mitosis. 	
  D. spindles composed of microtubules are not required during meiosis. 	
  E. sister chromatids separate during meiosis but not during mitosis.
dude idk
guess
haha
okay
how many more?
8
At the end of the first Meiosis I, the cells have
  A. the haploid number. 	
  B. a homologous chromosome pair. 	
  C. four copies of each DNA molecule. 	
  D. four chromatids. 	
  E. 2N chromosomes.
c or e
you pick
ok
A haploid cell is a cell
  A. in which the genes are arranged haphazardly. 	
  B. containing only one copy of each chromosome. 	
  C. that has resulted from the process of mitosis. 	
  D. with twice the number of chromosomes of a diploid cell. 	
  E. None of the above
B
The members of a homologous pair of chromosomes
  A. are identical in size and appearance. 	
  B. contain identical genetic information. 	
  C. separate to opposite poles of the cell during mitosis. 	
  D. are found only in haploid cells. 	
  E. are present only after the S phase.
A
The major drawback of asexual reproduction is that it
  A. takes a great deal of time. 	
  B. generates variation. 	
  C. prevents change. 	
  D. requires cytokinesis. 	
  E. produces less variation among offspring compared to sexual reproduction.
LESS VARIATION
E
im sorry my brain is fried
In blending inheritance:
  A. determinants are not physically distinct. 	
  B. determinants are physically distinct. 	
  C. mitosis is involved. 	
  D. only dominant alleles are expressed.
D
wait
B or D
ill go with d
intuition
ok
The products of mitosis are
  A. one nucleus containing twice as much DNA as the parent nucleus. 	
  B. two genetically identical cells. 	
  C. four nuclei containing half as much DNA as the parent nucleus. 	
  D. four genetically identical nuclei. 	
  E. two genetically identical nuclei.
what do you think?
(E)
I was gonna be useful
but I'm in a hurry
haha
haha thanks
last one
During meiosis, the sister chromatids separate during
  A. anaphase I. 	
  B. anaphase II. 	
  C. the S phase. 	
  D. synapsis. 	
  E. telophase II.
B
thank you child
now run off and go do your important things
I found a boy, who is a biochemistry and food science major, that likes to do tramadol
is this freudian. am I pursuing....you?
Oh my goodness hahaha
Thats so awesome
Pursue him/me!
He sends me snapchats
of him speaking in french
saying he adores me
he speaks 4 languages
like what
Oh my goodness
This guy
This one
Let me see
nan
I think he's cute.
omg hes precious
seriously
HIM
he literally worships the gorund that I walk on
It's INSANE
because he recognizes the goodness that you are
he is 18
so he's kidn of immature
right
but
but
exactly
YHAHAHA
hahaha
I've never had another human being be so nice to me
I was on the verge of tears yesterday
I've never had a romantic interest talk to me this way
it's like I actually matter to someone
right
because you DO matter
and often
you and i
I'm starting to realize this
are attracted to people that reflect our negative thoughts
THAT'S SO TRUE
WHY IS THAT
like james
i cant do it
what happened there
hes a sociopath, which is not even the biggest problem
i just got back from his house
and we watched american psycho
hahaha
but also ghost adventures
and like
when i get into spiritual stuff
he emanates this nasty energy
like im becoming happier and lighter
and he hates it
he wants me to be on his level
not my level
and thats the big problem
Wtf
ok
well
that's very
...strange.
haha
OH NO
NO
HE CUT OFF ALL OF HIS HAIR HUNTER
EVERYTHING IS DIFFERENT NOW
HAHAHAHA
this is an obstacle
HONESTLY
MAYBE
you have to realize it doesnt matter
ik ik
when you find someone to age with
youre both gonna look a little rough in the end
HAHA
I just want
like primarily
to not love isaac anymore
right
well
you dont have to
you have to mentally separate
which is what im doing with james now
energy vampires
yes
those
ew
they suck your life away
dont let them
I need, symbolically of course, a crucifix
haha
or to stop inviting vampires into my hhouse
yes
please stop
haha
ive got to do the same
im going to be open to the universe
and let it give me what i need
I'm going to kill isaac
I think
hahaha
he is killing me
like
literally
I can't move on
yes he is
you cn
can
I'm dying inside
YOU
CAN
you are not
remember
I want to manifest this physically
perception is reality
the words you say
and cut his dick off and shove it in his ear
are so powerful
hahahaha
I'm not kidding
it's not like the world would be missing much any way
no it wouldnt be
but
thats not your job
cut him lose
let the world take care of him
it will
I want to punish him
with my hands
you cant
that eats up more of your energy
why
its a trick
HAHA
WELL
HM
you think youre hurting him
youre hurting yourself
its karma
that can't possibly be as poignant as it sounds
haha
it is
i promise
im having to find myself again
i think james was in my life to show me
what happens when we lose ourselves
terrible things
truly horrid
happiness is found inside
This is true
i got home and i was so happy
before i was negative towards this home
because it isnt perfect
but now i see
this is my home
this is where i can rest
and recharge
and i love it
and he helped me see that
Is it bad that I'm blaming all of my issues on coming out
like
bad michael
you should have been in the closet until death
just be alone
hell is in other people
hell is other people
hell is other people that are incapable of love
love is what you need to focus on
not lust
or attention
What even is love
but love
love is pure intent
I feel like I'm too nice for the people I surround myself with
I try too hard
you know that feel
you are too nice
you need to be alone
you are literally invited people into your life like
"hey guys"
"im of pure heart"
"please feed off me"
dont do that
Oh god
I do
I need to break the cycle of masochism
haha
you do
love yourself
send the intent of acceptance
towards your own heart
towards your own mind
sit alone
I just want to cry
watch happy youtube videos
you can cry
let the badness out
because I found a cute boy who is like perfect
but
then inhale the goodness
i love isaac
no
I want to die
you are dependent on isaac
I don't feel like obligated to him
youve created a dependency
I literally can't think of anything but him
and what our life would be like together
which is like
NO
NO
BAD
*Squirts water bottle on my snout*
you hare fixating
because it is easy to do so
your mind rests on him
because the other option
is resting on yourself
and youve been neglecting yourself
and your mind knows that
That's accurate.
so the moment you focus inward
you have a lot of work to do
youve been procrastinating
I have
lol
nan
Look how gross 
Shun the non believer 
This dude is definitely on the autism spectrum. I cant do it. I hung out with him and it was so...oh god.
Oh nooo
He worships you like josh worships me 
Hes a pawn

He xoes
K
Its exactly that

Exactly
He worships me
I made out with him and had to stop bevause i felt like i was committing a crime
OH MY GOD HAHAHAHA
I KNOW THESE FEELINGS
It feels like hes a child
Yes
He told me
He has never without alcohol made out with someone
And said
"This is nice i like this i want to do this more"
And gave me a hug
It was 
NOOOOOO
Im not gonna be that guy
That sounds horrid
He is super smart
Honors
Straight as
Right
Don't be that guy
But
Haha
He cant even talk normally dude
Like
I wore my drug rug and nothing else to class
We cant have a conversation
HAHAHA nice
Whyyy its so warm
I mean
You can either take advantage of him
Or find someone smart AND nice
Hes not that attractive in person 
Which is very rare
Class time bai
Bye
Also I might be slightly in love with the organic chem prof
No big deal
HAHA WHAT
Hes crazy
How do you know him
Energetic
Sassy
Smart
Yay chem
But like how do you know him if youre not in orgsnic chem? Haha
 Hes my freshman experience prof
Oh cool!!
Im gonna schedule classes today I think
Yay!
Im excited to almost be a fourth of the way through
Right!!
I'm starting the computer science part of my degree next semester
No wai. I bet thatll be complex haha
It'll be a fun change of pace
haha
what are you gonna take
Not totally sure yet.  Definitely bio 121 
Cool!!
talk to your advisor about when to do chem
it works better at different times for different people
Yea my advisor is my research prof
Wooo
Friend
Help
what
I am sitting in class
My brain
wont work
Is being invaded
by
?
What hahaha
I was guessing
sorry
but
what's invading it
space-aliens?
A person
oh no
that's worse actually
space-aliens are easier
we'd just need to call in patches, MD, chief of surgery to remove the aliens
Oh my goodness
Im gonna lose it
Thank you
Youre helping me 
Paging patches, code green
*patches swarms in with his surgical team and preps*
"Doctor, should we sacrifice the aliens or keep them for research?"
"Put them inside of joe knights ass" asserted patches
If I can establish a mental connection with you it shuts him out
Oh god
Lost it
Help
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
Hahahaha
Code green
aliens in my brain & ass
Oh no
Belly laughs
Help
math equation
double donut decadence
drizzle
so like
whtf is wrong with me
in my science classes
when we talk about like euthanasia after doing animal experiments
I laugh
because
the scientific term for that
is sacrificing the animal
Like
That's funny right?
HAHAHA
YEs
Jesus
today
Thats hilarious
we were talking about cat experiments
and this obi cat lady
was like
well what happens after the cat with the severed spine has to go on
and the prof goes
"He does not"
and she says "What"
and he goes
"the cat is sacrificed"
HAHAHAHA
I lost it dude
He does not
he was so stoic
Hahaha
I have to compose myself
Comm class
Uggggh
ewww
boring
Comm class with a sociopath 
How do you think that is
ILL TELL YOU
hahahaha
Its not great
Seriously
Bad
I miss you
Come save me 
Come back to Texas
Its just not the same since you been away
I wonder what bowling for soup is doing now
Literally hanging around a bowling alley eating dumpster soup
HAHAHAHAHAHA
CHRIST
Thought youd like that
Im hungry
Feed me
Im sorry im having mental word vomit
From anxiety
I just realized that I dont want to do drugs unless im anxious
So around a predator
I didnt want to do anything all day
And now im like
Heroin and cigarettes for 500 alex
I havent done anything in like 4 days
Congratulations hunter
Good job
patches
paging patches
http://www.buzzfeed.com/samstryker/college-student-pictures-memes#.dv3DOjz2e
omg
also
it says
lit rally
It did and I love it
I'm lying in the ocean singin' your song.. AAAAaaaAAAhhhHHHHHHHH!
That's how you sing it
aaaHHHHHAahahaaHAHAaaaaHHH
I can't stop laughing at this
Im watching cloud atlAs
With my adorable sociopath
Signs by beyonce reminds me of you so hard
It came on and i got hunder withdrawals

Haha poor thing
Im dealing with regular withdrawal
Awh no
:(
Bby
Ive been taking suboxone 
Because james has some 
But I have to stop
God that stuff is like great but so bad
He doesnt really like giving it to me anyway
Yea i know
Im going to try to totally detox starting today
I have to meditate 
Listen to asmr
Eat healthy 
Work out
Ive gained some weight back too
what in the fuck is organite?
haha
orgonite* rather
Its organic and inorganic materials encompassed in a resin mold
Like a pyramid filled with layers of stones and metals 
but like what is it
like metals?
salts?
like i looked it up
and I found like no info
lol
Hold on
mkkkkkkkkKKKKk
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at https://www.etsy.com/listing/195275541/orgone-pyramid-orgonite-emf-protection
Theyre super powerful
Great energy devices 
oh it's like literally a composite of inorganic and organic material
hahaha
that's exactly what you said
Yes haha
Hahaha
Ive been waiting so long for this
Im so excited 
I am on fall break and have not fallen asleep yet
haHAhaHAha *mandark laugh*
Hahaha
I just took jonny to work
jonny bravo
sorry
that's the sleep deprivation
Yws haha
Sorry driving
whip it and nae nae
I get to write a paper on the causss of madness
do it girl
HAHA
OMG
write a case study on joe knight for that
Lolol
James is crazier
seriously
SERIOUSLY
that's a lot of crazy
Yes but whats scary is that he buries it
He tries to act normal
But his social cues are off
Oh no
I had him come over for a minute last night and told jonny to get a read on him
what was the resul
t
And he was like "that dude is a WEIRD read"
Because he has no soul
Pretty sures hes possessed
Seriously
HAHA
omg
dude
wow
that's horrifying
which reminds me
can I ask you a question
this was brought up recently
apparently I have some aspergers /autistic traits
is this true?
Ehhhh
I KNEW IT
Maybe as much as I do
I think we all do
to some degree
at least the ones like us
Right haha
I mean we are just very awkward on occasion
I say things that like
people are not interested in
and that are not interested in
and people just
LOOK AT ME
hahahaha
Yea me too hahaha
I'm like
Its like
SHIT SHIT SHIT
THIS AGAIN
SORRY FOR TRYING TO FORM A SOCIAL CONNECTION
DICK
HAHAH
RIGHT
I was explaining to isaac how hilarious it was to bathe leas cat, and like showed him a photo of her basically weeping in her underwear with a cat scratching her in the shower on full blast, and he looked at me like "this is socially inappropriate"
I thought it was hilarious
HAHAHAHA
Dude
thats hilarious
nan
this kills me
I can't breathe
like
omfg
Omg hahahaha
it's a carnival of human depravity
Thats wonderful
Like firstlt
Why is she bathing the car
Cat
because
I picked him up
and smelled him
and said
HAHAHA
"this cat smells like a big poop"
and she sniffed him
Lolololol
and agreed
"Like a big poop"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
OMFG
So I am starting full detox 
oh no
how's that goin'
Not taking anymore suboxone
It hasnt kicked in yet
It will probably this evening
godspeed
it's gon suck
Im going to battle through it
Yes it is
I've only ever withdrawn from benzos
That sucks too
and that was helacious
I can't imagine opiates
Yes haha
DID I TELL YOU
Like
THAT I ALMOST HOOKED UP WITH THE KID WHO LOVES TRAMADOL
What
AND REALIZED
Yes
HE MAY BE AN AUTIST
HAHAHAHAHA
Hes autistic
LMFaOOOOO
AN AUTIST
Hahahahaha
that is gods gift to language
autist
nan
That just happened
WTF
HOW
Theres a button right beside the send button
nan
WHAT
WHATS HAPPENING
And you click it, type in a word or phrase,  and it searches gifs
And pulls them up
nan
I'm installing the plugin
oomfg
hAHAHAHAHAH
Yes please do hahaha
nan
YES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I CANT BRETAHE
our conversations have fallen to this now
nan
nan
My god
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I TYPED IN
"SURGERY"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
nan
Noooooooo
Hahahaha
dude
in class yesterday
we learned about
NOT OKAY
"alien hand syndrome"
I hate everything
SHUT UP
no.
nan
so like
so like
why is it
when I type in twerking
nan
it's all gay men twerking
Sorry go ahead
Hahahaha
Ders vomiting
So funny
nan
Lol

nan
I love this
So much
This is our new thing
It certainly is
Ive had 8 hours if sleep in the past two days
nan
So let me get some more
Go for it
OMG
RIGHT
LOVE ME
I do love you
bingo
BINGO!
the prize is mine!
nan
night
Night child
Three days without dope or a cigarette
And I feel LITrally amazing
I quit smoking for ten days
started again 5 days ago
Haha just make yourself stop
It's honestly easy for me
I know its hard
I'm on so many benzos
Lolol
There is ZERO withdrawl
I have ZERO benzos
Im still in sort of withdrawal
But i love the hyper sensitivity
Withdrawal is the fucking worst
yes
that's cool
haha
my life is so pitiful right now
the highlight of my day
was finding out that gilmore girls was coming back
I was driving and had new bassnectar turned all the way up and the feeling was just AHHHH POWER 
hahahaha
power\
You have to reach within and pull out the monster 
BECOME THE LIZARD
the hungry lizard, at my funeral
I am not my own id! What a mistake to have ever said the id!
nan
nan
nan
Hahaha yes!
nan
YES
Hahahahaha
like
wow
Like wow
Isnt that
Aaron carters sisters hit song
it absolutely is
leslie carter
YES
HAHAHA
hahaha
Im at my moms and AHHH I DONT KNOW HOW YOU LIVE WITH A GEMINI
me neither
he's decided to not talk to me for two straight days
for no reason
this is fun lol
Id beat his ass
i'm too nice
If I were you
Id attack him
i surrendered a lot of my lithium because he has no meds
now i have no meds
and i feel very abd
bad
sigh
Michael
Thats so bad
Please stop
alright
You are feeding your soul to him
With a spoon
And wiping off his face when its messy
So you've heard me talk about pisces
All the shit ive laid down about them
Right?
YES
i have
lol
Well
I just learned I am a libra pisces rising 
I PROTEST TOO MUCH
makes sense though
Im a biy treacherous
Bit
i cant even be suspicious of james anymore
im just as bad
but less emotional
air = intellect
the superior form1
Found this in the lab
nan
OMG
This is the best lab
Hahahaha
Im doing 10 hours of research and 10 hours of lab work study 
fun fun fun
So ive been feeling really awkward recently 
Mostly in my "relationship"
Probably  mostly because its not one
I feel thst
lulz
Oh yea youre in a similar position
Hahaha
Well damn
Whyyyy
I love being independent
I love being master of my reality 
But I cant be with someone and trying to win them over for this long
I want him to tell me to get lost
Or to stick around
I HATE BEING FRIENDZONED 
#cismaleproblems
I need you in my life more for real 
cis male probz
hahahahaha
Lolol
Im so silly
People like me
IM FUNNY
I swear
Are those mcs lyrics 
Hahahaha
maybe
haha
it sounds like it
When do you come back home
MAYBE christmas
I'm not sure
Fuuuck
You have to
I need you near me bae 
I know
but I like don
t  wanan come home
haha
WHY
because I don't want to be around anyone there except for you really
I want to feel like a real adult
like I live in columbus now
and that's how it is
idk if that makes sense
Yea it does
Like when I lived in virginia 
I get it 
Id like to move away again
It would be so nice
Helo
Help
I have to do an eight minute informative speech in class
And I DO NOT want to
Have you ever just not done an assignment 
I got an A in this class for high school
are you trying to fuck with josh
or are you actually upset
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i laughed so hard
SO HARD
I am a homicidal maniac 
But
Im screwing with him
Also
thank god
hahahahahaha
DID YOUR EXPERIMENT WORK
IT DID
What?
your josh experimenyt
but michael
PLEASE LET ME VENT
I CANT VENT TO JOSH HE DOES NOT GET ANYTHING I SAY
Vent
im so sad and alone
i want james to like me more than he does
but he doesnt
and i think hes mean for that
because i am a beautiful person
and im upset that he cant see that
Awh bby 
i really like him
because hes so smart and has a good life path
but i feel like im not good enough for him
i want to attract someone into my life who loves me like i love them
but i cannot do that if my mind is stuck on this guy
and i cant get my mind unstuck
if i think theres a chance of happiness there
I know that feeling
Like that chance
We live for it
right.  its what our end game is.
other people.
WHY CANT BE ENJOY BEING SINGLE
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH US
So is it Treat Yo Self day yet orrr?
Treat. Yo. Self.
im so emotional right now and i love you so much
im going to cry if you dont visit me
I will visit
DONT PLACATE ME
I won't come visit you.
NOOOOOOO
I will come to visit you.
YISSSSSS
I just need that friend connection yo
I got none
i feel
I would like
a pizza
with potatoes on it.
Oh yum
Covered in cookies right?
and bits a of human flesh
sure
MmMMNMmmmMmmm
Send me ur pr4yerz
Baller
I need the luvs
#praying4


*Soulja boy voice*

"YOOOOOOOOUUUU"
HAHAHA
fanks =^.^=
Waifu
no
you're finished
Im sorry im quite tired haha
I don't want to hear excuses. We're playing at high stakes, for keeps
What is this
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Hahahaha
So
James makes me feel bad
I know this
ok
What should I do
so
like
how
alright
Well here's my advice
And this is a philosophy that I live by
I feel insecure
Ugly
Fat
And normally I dont feel any of that
Go
Don't ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason
ever
no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with,
or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever.
Also
if someone makes you happy
continue to interact with them
if the inverse is true
cease interactions
You gave me a hearty chuckle me lad 
HAHAHAHA
But youre right
good
like honestly
I should just stop
But what do I do when he talks to me 
we coul talk about the fine details for hours
Just
Be cold?
Distant?
who said this and whose mother probably did what to them as a child to make them say it
Right
but does it really matter?
Lolol
I suppose not
Dont cut someone slack that they wouldn't cut you
like honestly
1) person makes you happy
2) person is not actively doing damage to you
that's kind of an easy test to pass
Hes like
Making me do damage to myself
Sociopath style
Im trying not to be paranoid
ok
then he's no
hm
well
But I know what I witnessed
you are talking about yourself
in ways that seem
...defeated
Yes
I feel defeated
that is probably his fault
I COULD be stronger but I am not trying to defeat him
Therefor he is defeating me
Or trying to
I will never forget his laughs that sound like cries
Him expressing how id fallen into his trap
The thoughts I pick up on from him
in the eternal words of beyonce: Don't you ever for a second get to thinking. you're irreplaceable
he's replaceable
This is true
Ooperation replaceable goes into effect tomorrow
Sometimes we forget
omg
I will need your support
OMG
OPERATION
DO YOU NEED A SURGEON
Yes
I KNOW THE CHIEF OF SURERY
THE BEST
LETS HAVE A BIG ROUND OF APPLAUSE FOR
PATCHES
Patches, M.D., and his physicians assistant dr. ass hole
CLAP\
THE CHEST CUTTING CAT
CLAP
Hahahahahahaha
CLAP
CLAP
Dr ass hole
Im losing it
Oh god
I knew you would
hahaha
Hahahahahaha
he's not even a doctor
like dr steveeee brule
Oh my I forgot him
so, dr. hunter
Lolol
Yes
EVERYONE IS A DOCTOR TO HIM
REMEMBER
HAHAHAHAHA
Yes
Hahahahahaha
JUST A BUNCH OF HUNKS
HAHAHAHA
I love you so much
We have to continue this talk tomorrow
sorry, i have frientamacy issues
ok
James has isolated me and I have to break out or he will destroy me 
cool
yes
And we will rock this 
like queen
GOOD NIGHT DR MIKEL 
we will both die of aids
good night
No
I CANT
Hahahahaha
STOP
HAHAH
h
good night
Christ
Night
Hey friend
hi
I just took a six hour nap
oh my goodness
heavens
Im so happy
Hahaha
christ on a cracker
that's a saying right
HAHAHA
YES
srsly
but communion with god is no joke
WHAT r uUUUU talkon aboooooouuoot
Sooo
Ive been talking to Spencer
nan
OH NO
Who is still SO HOT
hahaha hillary
Anywayx
Imma go visit him when my car is fixed
Play with his giant tegu
And maybe disc golf
nan
I halfway did that just for yoy
You
Hahahaha
rob delaney @robdelaney  23m23 minutes ago
I don't want to toot my own horn but I just built a trumpet from scratch & I will blow it until you let me eat your ass .
Hahahaha what
HAHAHAHAHAH
help me
I cannot help you
Only god can do that
god would be good in bed
jesus christ wouldn't
think about it
jesus is all self sacrificial and shit it's pathetic
god is definitely a dom
I have not taken my medications today.
Oh my
Hahahahahaha
Youre WEIRD
nan
Do you feel like that was a set up
Because I do
HAHAHAHAHA
I'M NOT SURE
NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT IT
WOW
I mean
Nothing is unplanned in entertainment
that's true$
I sat in the backseat of a car today and observed a typical functioning american young couple
It was so weird
hahahaha
I dont know how people function at such a level removed from the absurdity of reality 
WHAT
Oh
yeah
sigh
Like
ARE WE BOTH PSYCHOPATHS
OR WHAT
no
everyone else is fucked up
and weird
we are beautiful geniuses
sike
Okay that sounds like narcissisn
Hahahaha
i mean i qualified it with a good ole fashioned  sike
so
it's all negated
duh
A good old fashioned sike. 
nan
*puts hands over eyes*
nan
i csn't
hahhaha
HAHAHA
nan
Parents turned off the internet 
So I cant see those
why
haha
Because little brothers 
oh?
lol
OH
oh?
Yea
oh...
nan
HAHAHA
Favoeite meme evarrr
We get it, you vape 
WE GET IT
I love that
Hows school going pal
I know you've made friends but are you enjoying the academic part? The challenge? 
Yea its fun.  I just need this semester to end so i can escape james
Dude i bet
Hahaha god
Hes insidious 
He is
I went to his house yesterday and putting my hands on him felt like reaching into a black hole 
He sucks the life right out of me
god dude
haha
Its so sexy though
Like 
I wish you could come here with me and major in food science
Uggggg
YES
I was talking to my friend the other day
how many years do you have left?
I could transfer eventually
I have until the summer of 2018
I have this friend
who is taking
CHOCOLATE CHEMISTRY
lol
Not bad at all
WHAT
Omg
Hahaha
I am also probably going to grad school here
Thats a class
yes
Good 
so is meat and protein science
Im not sure about grad school yet
I feel
haha
I wanna
butyeah
My grades arent perfect so getting in would maybe be difficult
they accept 90% of transfer stduents. They don't require ACT scores if you have 30 credits or a year of college.
lol
yeah its' 90% lol
Oh awesome haha
yeah tots
check it out and think about it over the next year or two http://fst.osu.edu/undergraduate
HAHA
i haven't moved all dau
day
in the literal sense
haven't moved all day
Jeebus haha
I watched the powerpuff girls
MOJOJOJO
like dude so funny as an adult
what
I looove that
him
Hahaha
So im talking to Bob
Maybe thinking about bringing in a heavier, smarter sociopath to help with james
Because it would be SO AWESOME
So I "broke up" with james today 
Told him he should be consistent in his beliefs.  If he is going to talk to demons while hes tripping he cant tell me that he doesnt believe in anything. He denied it ever happened. Eventually I pissed him off to the point where I just said we should stop talking 
what a plastic bag
wow
A plastic bag hahaha
He said he though maybe I was the crazy one
And I saud
Im not the one who was on his knees begging satan for mercy
*got eem*
Vvhahahahaa wat 
Yes. He did that.
Then makes fun of me when I talk about that type of shit
So I got tired of it and called him out
He did not like that
The quickest way to piss off a sociopath is to make them aware that you know the truth 
true that true that
Anyway
Im free now
Although mindy is getting slowly crazier
I feel you.
I just got michael tighe to tell me I could have a room in his house 
I dont like stating it like that but thats what happened
I like him as a person but he is a bit immature 
still?
haha
Yes dude
Its crazy haha
Pretty sure hes a compulsive liar
Not like sociopathic but still a people pleaser
wow
that's like
wow
bad combo
haha
Right
I dont want to talk badly about someone who invited me into his house though
Mad respect for people who help me 
I feel that hahaha
DWIGHT THE ENFORCER
HAHAHA
"The list"
So great
Funny how the houses are always colonial and the penises are always circumcised
HAHA
Dude
fav robert california line
of ALL TIME
is when he like
pensively looks at jim, and the magician pam has invited
and goes
"why is jim, treating the magician poorly?"
YES HAHAHAHA
like
I love that
it's not even funny
it's just like
classic lizard king
Its hilarious
Omg lizard king
Jesus christ I love him
IM THE FUCKING LIZARD KING
YOU DONT EVEN KNOW MY REAL NAME
WARNING WARNING WARNING
hahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
KEVIN
dude
isaac and I were watching the office yesterday. and we can quote every line of every episode we watch basically word for word
and i was then like
"how is this still enjoyable"
but like
it SOMEHOW IS
sometimes just the way lines are delivered
Its really cerebrally wonderful
Ours is a cultural ghetto
Dont you agree?
APT ANALYSIS ROBERT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"I guess I think they're losers"
HAHAHAHA
"Probably shouldnt have said that"
Hahahaha
Loans came in today and applied directly to my balance for school and I got none of it
Right into a depression
Help
Thats how it works unless you pay thition before they apply

God dammit 
Thats retarded
It didnt cost my whole loan though 
Do I get a check for the rest?
Probably not
Unless
You took out more than you needed
I thought I did
Jesus
Thoughts of dropping out of school
I habe those
Everyone does
Like all of the time? 
Haha
Or worse,  becoming an art major 
yes
lol
everyone doing what we're doing
Well that makes me feel good
What kind of gpa do you nornally have?
my GPA has ranged from a 2.75 to a 3.9
haha
my cumulative is like a 3.4
Well damn.  Mines a 3.3 atm. #blest
Thats actually really solid 
Parents say I have to keep a 3.0 so they get a discount on my car insurance
Im about to move somewhere else
For real
Dude youll be fine haha
Thats kinda cool actually 
What is?
I dont know where im going lol
James started talking to me again
Blahh youre abandoning me come over
And im like, please stop
Its insulting that he pretends I can see behind the mask
That is actually really annoying
lol
What is his deal
god
I dont fucking know 
Class now
Ugggh
Comm
Of course
dude you would LOVEEEEE my cognitive science class
so hard
haha
I was thinking about htis today
Tell me about it
today we talked about experimental designs for testing emotions categorically, as well as decision making and affect. Because emotion is NOT categorical we still have no idea what the fuck we're measuring
it's fascinating
we were talking about false memories and how people implant them the other day
OMG I LOVE THAT SO MUCH
GIVE ME THIS CLASS
I'll send you the cooler slides and stuff
THANK YOU
autist
Oh my
Dude I think I just did really well on a math test
I took the time to see the teacher for an hour before the exam and learned it all
Im so happy with myself
MICHAEL
Youre awake
YES?
That's so awesome!!
and no I was not awake
I was for sure sleeping
I was having delusions of angels around me that were actually alien overlords
That's hot
no
but wait what
Hahahaha
so dude
crazy crazy thing
Well I was trying to envision divine entities but it turns out they were aliens instead
Im crazy
Go ahead
someone, anonymously, online, threatened to come to the place where I always study, claiming he had guns and other exxpolosives, come onto campus at 3 oclock, and kill EVERYONE
so I'm at the library right now
thinking
YESTERDAY WAS A DIVERSION
NO WE ARE RELIVED
HES GONNA KILL ME TODAY
Hahaha oh lord
Get outta there
it's ok
im strong
You ate your wheaties
You good
i did
yaaaaaas fam
So
Are we both sociopathic or just narcissistic
it's now a spectrum
a little of both Id say
Because I figure the only reason I keep pulling these people into my life is because I attract what I am
also we are both kind of borderline
lol
that's part of that behavior
I think I suffered ptsd from mindy and it caused me to disassociate
I definitely think I did
I don't remember half my childhood lmfao
Me neither dude
Fuck
I remember bei ng 6 years old and wanting to kill myseld
fucked squad reconvine
we in this bitch
Which is something james says he felt too
WE OUTCHEA
BEEEEEEEEEEEETCH
I have not talked to him in two days btw
Im getting there
It still hurts
Because I fell in love with him
Because he mimicked my needs
yiles
Dude i thought of you last night
i like
was watching the office
and the episode
where michael is at the school trying ot get an intern
and he introduces darryl
and says
"This is darryl, isn't he big?"
I LOST IT
HAHAHA
Ive been watching the office a lot too
When life gets ruff
Ive been making lab friends
Yeah? Coopol
I need to visit you again soon
So bad
I know babe
Baha
Like maybe for thanksgiving
I could come crash
YEAH
Dude
Were havinf thanksgiving at my place
Whaaat
With isaac and his sister 
Haha
I wanna cook
Brussel sprouts
I spilled red dye on myself
Blowing into a straw in a test tube
And it ruptured onto me and my workbook
And the indian lab tech just laughed at me
HAHAHAHAHA
At least you didn't spill hydrosulfuric acid onyourself
twice
and get chemical burns
*sigh*
Hahaha
The new lab im working in has a shower for spills
Hope I never end up having to use it
I have had to dip my whole arm in an industrial sink
please look at my last fb status
Oh my god hahaha
So im going to see john in the morning
Trying to replace my klonopin with xanax
What would be a scientifically valid reason for that, that he would understand? 
Say that the klonopin is to sedating, and your anxiety is more in your head as opposed to body
I mean, thats the truth after all lol.  Should I tell him that ive read xanax is better for mental anxiety? 
No
He would hate thay
That
Also
Come to cbus for thanksgiving and cook with me
Well obvi haha 
But like
I need to know that he isnt going to take me off benzos if I tell him klonopin isnt doing it for me, ya know? 
Im worried about that
He wont
Just read what they're supposed to do and cator your symptoms
Hahah
Should I mention my recent stressors? 
Yes
Okay.  Because my stepmom is a monster.
Whats that coming over the hill 
Omg
Hahahahaha
I forgot about that
THE AUTOMATIC
Rigth?
YES
Button
Hand
Wraith 
Jello
Yello
I have that appointment at 9:30 so I need to hit the hay
Night friend
Goodnight friend
nan
Look at what I just posted please hahaha
James tried to get me to come over last night by repeatedly saying he was lonely
Oh god
So I told him to make some friends
Hahahahaha
Dude whenever you see james
Ok
Do you remember
The online rapping sensation
Krispy kreme
HAHAHAHA
YES
JAMES SOLD DRUGS
James was bad
Thats so funny 
He unfriended me on the facebook
#ohno
#powerstruggle
IDIOT
Idiot
IDIOT
IDIOT
#enjoyyourvoid
#idiot
Tell me how sad this is 
Hahaha
Go
So
I just left my room and went to lie on the couch because i realized that i have stronger feelings for isaac than i want to and i was not able to control having an emotional breakdown
Aw my poor baby
You see
This is how I felt about james
But I had to remove myself
It hurt and its hard to do
You have to train yer brain
To focus on you 
But hes my best friend here and im moving in with him snd i live with him now and were fucking so its complicated 
Stop all of that uggggh
Make some friends
!!!
Its not that easy like 
Example
QUESTION
GO
ok so
When I try to make male friends
I'm instantly pinned as too feminine and not enough *football* so i'm  dismissed. When I try and make female friends it's the result of them flirting with me, then after they realize I'm gay they don't want to talk to me. Case and point, last week in stats class I made a friend, but after talking with her for a long time, and kind of flirting with her, she made a comment about how our TA always has the cutest outfits, and I was like "OMG I know right!!" and then she looked at me like I had just failed a test and we didn't talk again
and gay guys
they just want to fuck
they suck as friends
HAHAHA
OH HE HA HE HA
SO FUNNY HUNDER
you have to keep doing that though
fucking gay guys?
or flirting with straight girls to maintain that I am powerful?
or crying
nan
Not everyone is goung to be your friend
HAHAHA
Hahahaha
Noooo
Lololol
Trying to communicate with prospects
Or rather, test for prospects 
Talk to people
Most of them will not vibe with you
But youll be glad you made the effort when one does
Dude I'm a senior in college and I have made less than 15 friends over the course of this experience
I somehow have not cried since my birthday when I was crying in james' kitchen, sobbing "IM TRYING.  IM TRYING"
DON'T MAKE ME WAKE THIS BABY
I mean youre quick selective 
Hahahahaha
dude
Quite*
i rediscovered that classic emniem nicki minaj song yesterday
I can't stop laughing
WHAT SONG IS THIS
RUH RUH LIKE A DUNGEON DRAGON
it's got lil wayne
eminem
and her
it's called
Romans revenge?
it's a couple years old
I LOVE THAT SONG
I forgot it existed
then spotify was just like
RUH RUH LIKE A DUNGEON DRAGON
and was like
k
Seriously
Im sitting in johns office
Tell me what its called and the listed artist
So I can find it
wait what?
The song
I want to find it on spotify
Roman's revenge!!!
i love how in 2012 eminem is still pretty liberal with the use of "fa*got*
like
it's offensive
but i laugh so hard
because
he gives NO FUCKS
I only find it offensive when its used against a gay person or in the connotation that gay is bad
Like this kid in lab was calling one of his teachers a fag
ew
Who also happens to be my ex boss' husband
And im like
Ugh hes a cool dude
 Rah rah like a dungeon dragon
Seeing john!
Cool!
I think I got 3 xanax a day
Pretty sure
Cant read this very well haha
Hahaha
Ok
I told John I might go into psych
And he goes
Youre in psych
You cant coach and play the game
Hahahaha
HAHAHA
OMFG
I lost it
Dude
That sounds like him
Lmao
I mean
Is he right though
Fuck 
I want to go into psych 
Like clinical psychology?
But I guess I have to be a sociopath to do that
Yes
Or psychiatry?
Heres my opinion
Like psychology I think
Id like to be a therapist
Explore every field and subfield of psychology. Theres so many different types
I cant see tou enjoying that
You want to help people 
But you also hate people
Okay, I will. Do they not help?  Haha
Yes hahahaha
Omg youre right
What the hell
Thats why im doing research
I can help people
Research
Without looking at their stupid mouths
I like research
HAHAHA
look into
psychobiology/behavioral neuroscience, SOCIAL psychology for sure, and cognitive psychology/neuroscience
you'd like psychobiology
Social psychology
Is that like
What it soynds like
social psych is like the coolest field
That sounds like my jam
What would I study?
Does state offer that specified field
In psychology, social psychology is the scientific study of how people's thoughts, feelings, and behaviors are influenced by the actual, imagined, or implied presence of others.
so like
Oh shit
you get to do experiments that decieve people
examine their stereotypes
Thats my world 
religious beliefs
YES
attitudes
and you can do it purely psychologically
I want to go to there 
or test levels of hormones in their blood
guess who has the NUMBER ONE social psych program
God induced oxytocin
(cough cough ohio state)
Hahaha
yeah like
I dont have money for that though
no no
like
grad school
Id go there if I could live with you
they pay you
haha
So if do regular psych as an undergrad?
isaac works in a lab now that gives people acetaminophen to try and make them aggressive
well
no
Bahahaha
What would I get a bachelors in
biology is just fine
psychology is too typical
they expect that
Oh well cool
be interesting
So if I got a bio degree
Id stand out
Yessssss
for sure
like honestly
Oh well fuck ill do that haga
socia neurochemistry is our strongest lab in the psych dept
it's cool stuff dude
but yeah
social psych seems right up your alley
biology
behaviour
weird ass experiments
Lets do thar
Is osu very selective? 
for grad school?
My grades are not perfect
Yes
Um, yes. Our program is above harvards. lol
I mean
I'm looking at university of toronto
Jesus hahaga
they have a social neuroscience lab
that uses computational methods
your grades are fine from what I gather
and as you move along
Well damn
That would be awesome
you'll study more eefectively and get higher grades
but yeah
This is true
social psych is THE field to be in right now
I want to do that
That is what ill do
coooool beans
Well I know one thing
Yes?
when that hotline bling
that can only mean one thing~
HAHAHA
SET UP.
yes
SET UP
So xanax is like
A will power destroyer 
Hahaha
Lol watt
angel hahaha
DUDE 
All of that
Hahaha yes
So im able to smoke weed again
Its awesome
man
is this normal
i need an honest opinion
Tell me
I can't feel anything. I am emotionally stunted. So I flood my system with THC and ethanol so I can be upset, because I know that's appropriate
Damn
I feel nothing
I mean
You know what my advice is
yes
but
Do what worked for me
I need to see it
hahaha
You cant see it if you dont try
ok
You have to takea leap of faith
i know
Believe that you can feel better
SO much better
the issue is
like
i don't feel bad
but based on my lifede
and situation
i SHOULD feel bad
so i induce negative emotional valence
with drug inducced stuff
youre on 4 mg of xanax a day
if you felt bad there would be a problem
yeah that's what I'm PRESCRIBED
lol
yeah
true
my affect
is pretty flat
so is mine when i take benzos
i mean
yah
i dont know what else to tell ya
i want to see you feel good
but do you?
good q
I'm not sure
I'm furiging that out
well when you figure it out
make some changes
I just need to figure out what I need and want
WHAT ARE YOU DOING UP
haha
Just got home
dam
Spent the evening at a party
Of all places
Haha
HAHA
nan
Im a real person
I have proof, see?
omg
hahaha
ily
lots
I need to see you
I need to see you too
So bad
god
ughhh
this needs to happen
we need to figure it out
at some point
idk
I miss you
and my bones hurt
you smell like the seasons are changing
Yes hahaha
So i was really annoyed with poptart
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Not really caring anymore
But
THAT STATEMENT
Hahaha yes
I was alone with him and felt his energy
And realized
He Is what I bitch that I dont have
Money, ambition, looks, nice
Hes just awkward sometimes
interesting
And he said a few things that indicated he is now thinking of us in the future possibly
that's awesome
right?
or is it?
I'm not sure
lolol
I think it nighy be
Might
bitch i might b
Yes
So tired
I need 2 b
RUH RUH
Thats been in my head all day
dude
listen to
waavy by mykki blanco
lol
I can't stop
WE MAKE LOVE IN THE NIGHT
IN THE BACK OF THE CLUB YEAH WE FEELIN ALRIGHT
I should not be this awake
tomorrows halloween
what should I be
Im not sure
I'm thinking an amputee dog, or gucci man
I nay not dress up 
I want to really badly
I am wearing one of isaacs hoodies. maybe I should be a washed up pbs child star clinging to youth
or an emo
Lolol
NOW NOW NOW DIVA IS A FEMALE VERSION OF A HUSLAAAA
OF A OF A HUSLA
an emo
a goth
a prep
remember the term
"prep"
we hated "preps"
"PREPS"
country + rap = crap
hello
Sorry I totally passed out last night
Haha
My b bruh
yaaaaaaaasss
Just got my school loans cashed
Ergo got so high
Saving most of it for if I need to move out
Im going to rocky horror picture show dressed as Hunter S Thompson
that's awesome!
hey
Hi bb

ive discovered some new problems with opiates
that make me want to quit
badly
digestive system totally stops working
which i had forgotten about
so, terrible heartburn
I miss tramadol
also, it keeps me from sleeping
which sounds counter intuitive
i am so drunk
I miss you
i just have like visuals when i try to sleep
I want to make a free range turkey an eat it with you
i miss you too
hahaha
you helped keep me out of trouble
did I? When?
haha
which time?!
hahaha
a lot of times
when youre not here i hang out with shayn
We will be reunited at some point
move with me to colorado after graduation
boulder
yea if you ever come home
lol
okay we can do that
You are my platonic soul mate
obvi
fam
obvi fam
squad fam goals bae
memes
hahaha memes
so i was just out with like
roxanne, shayn, joe, joe baird, eli massey, and some other girl
and they were all doing this shit called
wait for it
5meoPCP
its so sketchy that JOE will not do it
ROXANNE
ROXANNE
yes
hahaha
dude shes the worst
shes just a selfish vacuum of a person
but im like trying to leave to go home
and shayn and some girl are shotting up this pcp-analog in the bathroom
oh GOD
finally im like FUCK IT
FUCK
man
and i left
im so tired of him
im tired of the drugs
and the politics associated
its obnoxious
Get invested in something else
right
ya know
so bella
is texting me
about
ok
get this
hahaha
she went to a cemetary
and used a ouija board
and claims
she talked with
a ONE YEAR OLD CHILD
do you see the issue here
based on how these boards work
I get it
but
this is convoluted
hahaha jeeeesus
i would not use one of those boards
one, because it can be dangerous
and two, because it can make you delusional
both are bad
like
if an entity is trying to communicate with you
you dont need a Mattel toy to hear it
HAHAHAHAH
MATTEL
yes
like
get out with that shit
do some real magic
jeez
hahahahaha
magic
magix
on a side note
i still love joe
so much
hes a little
a lot
delusional
BUT
he is the only person that i dont feel crazy talking to
because he understands everything i say
I feel that
you never feel that way about people youre supposed to
like, everyone else either thinks im crazy or just listens to please me
I don't think you're crazy
well yes you sort of do
obvi fam
haha
I agree with mosttt (MOST) of what yo usay
nan
i mean sometimes
yes lolol
most things
but i like that
because i also dont want a positive feedback loop
i need someone to get me but also challenge me
im reading online about trying to sleep on dope
no one else can either
makes me feel a bit better
i have work at 8:30
which is why i care right now
ive just got to take better care of myself
in general
also i do this thing where i will use 4-5 hours before bed
and not realize i am high
until i try to sleep
and thats fucking annoying as well
it helps to like
talk with someone about this stuff
lol
it does
talk to me
i was trying to
now im just buying orgonite materials because i cant sleep
your creations are beautiful
lea is very amazed by them
haha thank you
im using some school money to invest a bit more
so i can make some really nice ones
good!
theyre a good investment of time and money
i dont even want to sell them
id like to keep them all
alas, that is too much energy for one man alone
we cant all be god all of the time
(just kidding)
(we totally can)
yaiii iahhhmmmm
iayiii hammmmm
gwaaaaaddd
Haha
Yes
I found an open Wi-Fi network
Scooore
Now I can keep online shopping in the comfort of my home
Duh
duh
DUH
dugh
Dude so
My heart is maybe acting funny
Or something
Possibly from exhaustion 
I dont know what to do
PUTRID CINNAMON 
ew gross
so im ordering SO MUCH BEAD STUFF
also
tattoo stuff
YAAAAAAAS

because whitleys fiance is gonna teach me how to tattoo
it would be a valuable skill to have
I have been micro dosing 
Dude
Highly rec
On what?
Shrooms
What hahahaha
Im jealous
I am happy all of yhe time lmao
Im fucking sure dude
I want to trip with you dawg
Im ordering high quality tattoo inks because im taking this shit seriously
Really?
I bet youd be killer
Dude im SO excited
Whitleys fiances was like, here buy this stuff
And Im like
Nah
Im getting good shit
Im going to get this color set called
Fifth dimension
nan
Thats tight af
Can you see me like
Doing sacred geometry 
Haha
Yes lmfao
Im so excited
I have to start drawing again
And coloring
Preparing
DAY MAN
MASTER OF KARATE
AND FRIENDSHIP FOR EVERYONE
I have the mug for that
Has the lyrics
Changes colors
I love you
Im glad youre high on shrooms
If I drove to you would you sell me some
Please mikel
nan
they aren't mine
hahaa
but
I can maybe get some soon
Nicki nicki nicki
So im about to spend a lot of money
On
The most ridiculous thing I could spent money on
WHAT
Not to me but, to you
A fucking 
Solid stone
Phallus
Hahahahahahahaha
what is
what
huh
what
dude
I'm drunk
high
what
HAHAHA
what
phallus?
A crystal dildo dude. A $150 dollar rock dick. 
I AM SEXUAL I SWEAR
See
Hahaha
omfg
fam
u the bestest
that is magic
IT IS SO MAGIC
THEY HAVE ALL KINDS
I cant even choose
Hahahahaha
I Want one
a crystal dildo
I'm dying
Yes
I can't even
Theyre called
GET THIS
HAHAHA
OMG
WAIT FOR IT
YOU READY
YES
"chakrubs"
HSSHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAUA
Oh god
**kids bop voice** 
I never hugged wayne, I never hugged drake, on my life man pete's sake
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I love you
right
HAHAH
I LOVE YOU BB
So that xanax has been treating me right
Although I need to back off it a little bit
Haha
I dont want to develop a dependency
lime me
omg
lime me
Yes lime you
Hahahahahahahaha
Look
nan
Its halloween sort of and I found candy
Update
Tastes like plastic
Update
Still sugar
HAHAHAHAHHAHA
dyign
Thanks im so funny hehe
tastes like
like
like a...
putrid cinnamon
riddle me this
Hahahahaha
in any sense of the word
Okay go
how could cinnamon ever become putrid
like
what a garbage description
understand your own nose better
ass hole
Who originally said that
Do tell
4th kind
that guy
who was hyptonizted
he was like
I SMELL
I SMELL LIKE
A
.....
...
PUTRID CINNAMON
HAHAHAHA
YWS
HE DOES SAY THAT
I tried to watch that with james a few weeks ago
And realized
Its SO BAD
I just experienced that
literally
like
2 hours ago
Right
Like
Oh god
i laughed
so hard
at the like
Not he thinks my taste in movies is retarded
fake "interview"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
What have I done
Hahahahahaha
Yes dude
Like
WE USED TO SUSPECT THAT WAS REAL
WHAT IS WRONG WITH US
we were teens
###
#$#/#$#$&
hash baf
flash tag
That candy
Feels
andy your mother has died
she was hit by a bus
TERRIBLE
Dont talk about my mom like that
HAHAHA
dude
riddle me this
WHHY
IS JIM TREATING THE MAGICIAN POORLY
You dorj
Dork
Dweeb
gauged nose
gauged hose
(penis)
HA
i am a cat
stuck in a lizards body
with the head
of a phoenix
and the ass
of nicki minaj
HAHAHA
when you said that
i looked at hitler
like
"you bitch"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAH
hahahahahahahaha
just spent two hundred dollars on ebay
mostly tattoo stuff
but
when your loans come in
do you do this>
hahahahja
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=5&v=kAB15g9m0rA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LOST IT
OH GOD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DhObuNdCK0
oh my goodness
where did you find these
my friend sent them to me
dying
dawkins
richard dawkins
there is no go
d
dawkinsss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZVBTtX92Nc
OH MY GOD
yep
just saw that
f*gs piss
hahahahaahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrdUI_Nz0ZI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0NtkAR4coM
YES
I LOVE THAT ONE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BU5ZKK-_jU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ja_QvLpAlU
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAJtxnOHDVM
HAHAHAHAHAHAH WHATTTT
dude
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxEA5UFpTGw
THIS
look at my latest tweet : https://twitter.com/terraneuro/status/660687856940224512
OMFG
crunder dunder
hAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
THE TROLL TOLL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
speaking of which
no one will text me back
so
im going to watch a movie with tighe
and eat junk food
dude
hahah
nice
because im so done with dope dude
im so tired of killing myself
and feeling like shit
me too
last night
i skipped not one
but TWO
parties
so I didn't have to spend time away from isaac
I am OFICIIALLY
codependent lmfao
wow duderz
i mean you were codependent like a year ago
but i get it
hahaha
I woke up this morning and looked in the mirror and like actually came to terms with it
thats pretty funny
so like
normally i try to just hang out with dudes i want to fuck/want to do magic/drugs with
(HAHAHAHHAHA)
but today, i tell a few dudes i want to go to the movies
and theyre all like
WHEN/WHERE
i didnt realize i was such a commodity
hahahahaHA
also i JUST realized
and had to double check
i havent been in a relationship in OVER a year
that hasnt happened since i was dating michael tighe originally
jesus man
wait
omg
did you not date anyone after chris?!
I gues
or wait
idk
timeline gettin fuzzy
I was fucking Spencer,  living with jacob, fucking dylan, messed around with shayn, and then james most recently
Didnt date any of them
oh wow
I guess you didn't
Thats so crazy
I am a serial monogamist
WHAT HAVE I BEEN DOING
Enjoying lyfe
I guess so dude bahaha
That makes me feel
"good"
I have realized something
there is this  concept in social psychology
called "valence"
and basically
it refers to whether you ascribe a positive or negative emotion to something
I am so autistic
that
Hahahaha HAHAHAHAHA
I can only assign + or - valence to emotions
anything beyond that
is like me trying to name colors outside of RGYB
Dude thats not autism 
Thats part of being a libra
Just saying
Yeah?
Well
alright
hahaha
I mean
I would rather
be a libra
Its extremism
than autistic
or
an autist
We tend to go way one way or the other
Because scales
I do the same shit
We have very polarized characteristics
yea
true
Things like "bittersweet" are feelings I have to remind myself are not negative by default 
I just got malachite green everywhere hahahaha
hahah what
The dye
I got it everywhere 
In the lav
Lab
Not the lav hahaha
the lav
Lavoratory
So I just sat through james' speech in class
He could not look at me
But I did feel his pull when I let my guard down 
Which was certainly quite strange 
thought i found a new love
turns out hes in a long term relationship
why, michael
why
and im still stalking his fb
why
WHAT
Omg
eli massey
Oh no dude 
Hes bad news
No
lololol
why
Hes a piece of shit
I knew him in high school 
Hes a dirtbag 
joe and i took him to healthy life  market
because he was like
begging us to help him
he was actually listening to the things i said to him
WOW
THATS MY CRITERIA FOR SOMEONE I WOULD INVEST MY LIFE IN
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME
I HAVE NO SENSE OF SELF
I WISH I COULD CRY BUT I TRIED AND NOTHING HAPPENED
hes a libra
i was so hopeful
i seriously WANT to cry
BUT I FUCKING CANT
I AM NUMB
Agh
I know that feeling
like
do i kill myself
or sell all my things
and become homeless
No
Take a deep breathe
Brwath
im not even upset dude
im just like
fucking done with everything in my life right now
IM NOT MOVING FORWARD
i cant live here
and have no where to go
and no time to work
and school is draining me
i love school but living here makes me do drugs and escape to other peoples' houses
so im not doing as well as i should be
God
I mean
i took 2 mg of xanax
and cannot sleep
God damn it man
i feel like i have been on the edge of a crisis for WEEKS
BUT THE CRISIS WONT COME
AND I WANT IT TO
SO I CAN GET OVER IT
im seriously looking for room shares on craigslist
i cant live with any of my friends because they expect me to commit to them and i cant commit to anyone but myself
literally the most peaceful option, right now
is to quit school
sell all my things
No
and travel
Criagslist it
Do anything
You must keep pushing 
If not for yoi
For me
Bevause 
Inam dying
And
Knowing yoire doing well
Keeps me going
okay
but
i dont know what to do
i really am totally lost
Ill try and help
I cant think stright rn
But
I promise 
what i dont understand
I will problem solbe
is why your mom wouldnt let me rent out your room while your gone
that would be the easiest option ever
but
ASK HER
NO
I will 
you know she wouldnt
Shell let you
She will
She loves you
And is very proud of you
And wants to see you do well
I promise 
you think she would let me? i feel like we have done this before
No
These circumstances
She would 
I know it 
Shed love the conpany too
i mean she has two free rooms now
She does!
This can work
i would take either
and she wouldnt get upset about me having odd hours
shes never home
and i dont have company
i could comfortably manage like 200-300 a month
because i still have a car payment, insurance, groceries, etc
and dude i would clean for her
like
for real
i just want you to know
that would make my life so much easier
but ill have to really really consider what it would be like if your mom got upset with me because if something happened it could fuck stuff up for a long time and i really dont want that either
She wouldn't 
Shes way more 
Opem
Than youd think
i mean, you know me better than literally anyone
do you think it would work?
Yes.
okay, well then i obvi trust you
obvi
and i would like
help with matt
any way i can
even if its letting him help me with my animals
he would LOVE that
i dont have that many anymore
like 6 tanks and hitler
who is in a smaller tank now
all could easily fit upstairs
I will talk to my mom
And you
Tomorrpw
Dont worry
I will make sure youre taken care of
i promise you i will stop worrying as of now
i can accomplish literally anything
Good
if i have a happy living environment
Yu cn
and this would be literally the best
i dont even care if the shower is cold sometimes
hahaha
Matt would love you being there
My mom wojld enjoy the company
And get rent 
I doubt shed accept that much
Still
i mean ill give whatever i can
obviously my diet is a little expensive
which i have not been able to eat because my parents wont buy me any decent food and ive been in a tight spot recently
but like i said
if i have a solid base
i can make anything happen
Yes
this is like
the answer to my metaphorical prayers
i wont count on it but
i am excited at the possibility
i was seriously looking at trying to get an apartment with JOE KNIGHT
THATS HOW BAD IT HAS BEEN
I CANT STAND HIS DELUSIONS AND GRANDEUR
Lord bb no
tell your mom like
i will CLEAN
haha
i know shes neurotic about it but doesnt have time herself
and im neurotic and will have time
HAHAHAHA ok
thank you so much michael
i love you so much
and you know if i could ever do something like this for you
Duh
i would without second thought
I want you to succeed and find happiness
your mom likes me to visit you too.  i bet she would help me drive up to see you.
Shes coming up for thanksgiving for a few hours to leave for aspen from the airport here
oh well, quite nifty, indeed
We are having a thanksgiving feast here with a random assortment of people haha
NIFTY
HAHAHAHHA
hahahahaha
LIKE
Very much nif
Nifty 
indeed yes mmmm
chip chip cheerio
so like
your mom is probably gone at least half of the week
right?
i always have this weird complex living with people that im a leech
Yes. She does most of her school work at Johns 
and i hate feeling that way
so the more she is gone the less leechish i feel
but thats my issue obvi
not hers
lol
Yas
so question dr patches
i took one (1) mg of xanax ER at 4 o clock
and chewed one up about an hour ago
and cannot sleep
would you advise i take another>
Half
okay.  ive been using it just to help with opiate withdrawals
i was researching addiction
and like
why the ONLY time i use is when i live here
and that ted talk said
when rats are given a loving environment and stuff to do
they dont even like the drug water
but in a bare cage
they will OD
obviously addiction is created by searching for a false connection
a substitution for oxytocin and natural rewards
Yes.
It's psychholigical conditioning and priming
okay, yes
so im not touching the shit anymore because once i saw that i knew exactly why i was doing what i was doing
shayn tried to get me to do some tonight and i got super pissed at all of those people, took him home, and was like, good riddens
"you guys use me"
etc
Yep
so tired of searching for stability outside of my immediate environment
I know
gah im gonna chew up this half a xanax and try to go to bed
work at 11
etc
etc
etc
etc
Good haha
boundaries!
i like having them
hahaha
anyway
i love you so much
i hope you get some good sleep tonight
take it easy and eat a cookie for me
All i have are thc infused cookies
Lulz 
Gnight
jesus
so jealous
hahaha
gnight
Contact my mom
She said yes 
NO WAY
Omg
OMG
Send me her number please. Phone is gonna die soon. 
3049411560 shes at work now. She has no cell phone.
Just ask for trisha
Okay wicked
Done 
Did you discuss specifics with her?
Like if she needs me out at a certain point 
I told her everything you said
your reasoning
ect ect
I didn't go into a timeline
she just neds time to prepare the room
Okay 
Yea she said I could move stuff friday 
While im there ill work on getting rid of my stuff
In case have to go again 
If she needs me to
ok sweet
This is good
A little scart
Scary
But good
how so?
yes
good
Im always afraid of not having somewhere to stay
I know
And I dont like overstaying my welcome
and you're always welcome at my house, is my point
Okay
I knew my mom would say yes
you're basically a family member
Ill do my best to help around the house etc
I love you guys so much
:}
Now I have to tell my dad and mindy im moving
only one request
Oh boy
Yes?
No shayn
Is that it
keep shayn the FUCK away from my brother
HAHAHHAA
Hahahaha
YES
HAHAHAHAHA
DONE
Youre the best 
Gotta get back to lab
We can talk more later 
Have fun #science #go#
So
I need a plan
Because I cant stay at your house forever
I know
Continue talking to me
hell
talk to my mom about it
I will
But my plan at the moment
Is to consolidate
what do you mean exactly?
Get giant tubs and fill them with things I need.  Put some in storage,  take some with me. 
Sell more animals. 
Ive become manic the past few days and I've been throwing things away
Reorganizing
Packing
I dont want to haul too much stuff to your moms
Just because I know how that is
Ive done it so many times
People dont like seeing your stuff being packed into a room in their house
Its a territory thing
ahh I see
I would like to have as little stuff there as possible
And the stuff that is there, in tubs and organized 
I understand that
So I added your mom on fb but havent gotten accepted
Id like to wait and talk to my dad when he gets home from his business trip
And see if we can work something out
So im not all over the place again. I just dont want to do something in a manic state that involves troubling other people and then have to go back
You know?
I understand
but my mom isn't troubled
lol
she doesn't care
well can you ask her, since i cant reach her atm
to not work too hard cleaning up
because im not 100%
Todays speech is going to be a treat
nan
OMG
Kill em
EVERYTHING IS SEX
IM GOING TO BLOW THEIR MINDS
Now I have the BEST actual attention grabber
That was a red herring
Should I say
"So now lets learn how to quite literally fuck the world, and make some orgonite"
I WANT TO
"Figuratively and quite literally"
Im going to just
Fuck up the whole class
Hahahaha
Hahahaha
Omg
So i spent like 5 hours
Writing an algorithm that predicts which presidential candidate people will pick
And it works
WHAT
Haha
How
nan
Im continually testing it
Hahahaha dude
Thats insane
Im going to write a code for it and see if i can't get my computer to vote for bernie
This is actually a huge deal
I couldn't find any math models for this
Im so proud of you hun
I wanna take it to the political psych department and be like hay fam i did this
DO THAT
I cant believe i just WROTE a computational model. Like wtf dude. I can do stuff
Yea im very impressed haha
so i took it to my stats professor...i am going to write a thesis on it. also i am very intoxicated. how are you friend
Wow thats amazing
Im at my moms doing pretty good
Maybe going to be a mortician
Reading up on it
It would be such a zenlike job
For decent pay
it does sound cool
i thin kyou have mentioned it before honestly
Four years of school and then two for the certification
I have mentioned it for years
yeah that's not bad at all
yeah ik
Sinve high school
haha
Its the only constany ive haf
Had
this is true
we had plans to go to shepherd together and then you go to mortuary school
Yes
Exactly
I would LOVE to go to sheperd
Or just
Be a mortician in sheperdstown
that place is sick. I love the town
it's like
small cute town
but close
I LOVE IT
to a large metro area
So much
Id love to live there
Yeah it's delightful
Maybe thats like
My end game
In reality
maybe so!
I dont need to subscribe to others expectations
no
what you do
is what makes you happiest
that's why
I'm not going to be a medical doctor. I am just going to write cod eon my computer all day
Fuck you and your smart brain
God dammit
haha what?
Youre so smart
you have a smart brain
Why am I not
you are lol
wattt
I dont feel like I am
I feel like
A dumb person
yah duh everyone feels like that
i do too
I have no self worth 
you get that
when you study science
you get
"IMPOSTER SYNDROME"
look that up
ALSO
look up
the dunning kreuger effect
then get back to me with all dat
Ive looked up the latter
So
Shepherd would cost the same as state
Right?
lemme see
I might transfer
Like on the real
yes
it would
like
with dorms
it's WAY more
but the TUITION
is the same
Id like in an apartment or something
Rent a room
Etc
Camp
yeah that's def cheaper
lol
Hahah
I thinknim going to do this
It feels like I should
I am 8000 in debt because i stayed in dorms the first semester
lol
Then do it!!
look up what you need to do
I thought you were like 60k in debt
Im gonna do it though
I am 30 in debt
which is ok for someone in their 4th year of college
but
like
the 8000
for that ONE semester
is what I'm saying
just for dorms
Yea fuck a dorm
Im trying not to get in too deep
Also
Alec baldwin and jack daunaghy as thomas nefferson 
Also cant spell that name
HAHAHAHAHA
I want to be him
So yea im going to look into shepherd and ill apply
Think its hard to get in?
nahhhhhh
like 80% acceptance rate and the transfer rate is alwyas higher
Im looking at apartments there now
I need to do this
you do i think
It feels right
Going to talk to dad about it asap
I need to move and start anew
But with school
So if I transferred to shepherd this coming semester, would my fafsa aid transfer?  Would any scholarships?  If I took classes with scholarship money would state take that money back? I want to be in shepherdstown like three years ago.
so like
yes
as LONG
as you are applying
with less than 30 credit hours
then you are not a transfer student
in which case
you can still get scholarships
fafsa always transfers
So ill just
Finish this semester
Apply to shepherd
And move
Asap
And schedule classes
yes.
contact them
find stuff out
what you need to do
what deadlines
just hte office of admissions
Im so excited
Im not fond of leas condescending tone. It is getting old.
Hahaha
Is it condescending? 
If you knew her
I didnt notice
Yes
She is a perfectionisr
And always implies 
That its okay
That i am not perfect 
Hahaha
Like i shoildnt be okay with myself
As if she is?
I really cant deal with her anymore
Shes so condescending 
Always 
Not just abouf school 
Ughhhh
Whatev
Dude
I feel
Today is my day one of quitting dope forever
I spent two hours training dogs up and down a mountain
I am wrekt
Im afraid to change
Because if I transfer
Am i just running from my problems
No
U r not
R u sure
Because I dont want to keep running
Positive
Thank you for saying that
Im not excited to do the things I need to do to get there
im so filled with hatred
Why
i dont know why
i dont know what im doing with my life
at all
i dont know where im going to live
im upset with myself for being around
im madthat james didnt love me
So
Thats all okay
First
I didnt know as a freshman what tf to do 
No one does
In any aspecr of life
Personal
Professionap
Your life is basically starting over
Also
Isaac doesnt love me either
Level playing field 
well
thank you for that
i just
cant take on any more debt
but i probably will
Dude
You must
But bernie will free us from debt
Dont fret child
i mean
that would be nice
but
if it sounds too good to be true
it probably is
also i want to give away all of my animals and throw away all of my clothes
i am beyonce always
YES
"....are you referring to alchemy?"
i would marry dwight
hahahahahaha
HHAHAAHAHA
I WOULD TOO
why is jim....treating...the magician....POORLY
everything, is sex
hahahahahaha
yes
the fallacy is
it's up to the
FINISH IT
okay,well, "nick", we're in a meeting
hahaha
HAHAHAHA
hahahaha
Stop eatin peoples old french fries bitch and have some self respect.  Dont you know you can fly?!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
TRACY JORDAN
HAHAHAHA
ive been binging
And eating ice cream
I love it so much
Why is there no grindr for women 
Scissr is like a classier grindr
R u srs
For women? Hahaha
Yah
Lol
I think
I dont know much in that area
Damn well okay
Right
Hahahaha
I love you
Im trying to find some shrooms
Day two clean 
Need some spirit in my life
I might fuck james again
Or try lol
I know I rejected him
Fuck em good
bae goals
Omg hahahaha
Should I though
sure
Or even message him
yah-low
it doesn't sound cool when you say it oscar
HAHA
So
s0
Help me with your intuition
OK
I know its strong
LEEEHHGO
Hooking up with james. Or just trying to.
How does that flow with you
for me
if I was doing it
it would be no issue
but your emotional problems run much deeper than mine. You're more emotionall complex
it might not pan out well
Bahaha
Yours run just as deep fool. You just supress it more.
Duh
life is easier that way
supress
Hahahaga
repress
repeat
lather
repeat
Push it down
Well if im moving
then it does not matter
There will be no expectations
My heart rate goes up at the thought of messaging him
Good or bad
bad
lawl
Really?
Fuck
I dont like that answer
is it nerves
or feels
Both
bad
If he says anything at all ill explode
I havent messaged him
Because of this
Im going to pick up a strip of L tonight haha
I am gonna try to take a strip of D 2night
let's see how both our plans go
but really
good luck
i have no idea how this will go
A strip of d?
Dick.
Hahaha yes
vaping ninja dads
So im gonna ask your mom how long I could stay there
ok
cool
she prepared the room
I messaged her. Went on a hike with james and I feel so much better. That happened,  also.
*That*
Yea I mean
It doesnt matter
Doing the zen mind state thing
People come and go 
word
But its nice to have company sometimes 
dude
I was reading this
http://www.buzzfeed.com/sophiegadd/the-most-ridiculous-rumours-that-went-around-schools?bffbmain&utm_term=.gqJovwOEGL#.ngKpkrMxYm
and then rememnbered
do you remember this
when ERIN SHELTON START A RUMOR in high school, that I...was .... the BIRD, from TWITTER.
STARTED*
I CANT STOP LAUGHING
Hahahahahaha no
Omg
Jesus
FUNNIEST RUMOR EVER
MY FACE WAS PHOTOSHOPPED ONTO THE BIRD
literally
the bird from twitter
I want to see this
i'll look for it!!!
Hahaha okay
So james got a fitbit and his resting heart rate is 54
Is that possible
Hahaha
wtf
hahaha
nan
HAHAHAHAHA
Yes
I can't handle it
So my mom lorded over me trying to explain how I could live with her if I listen to her nag
And I couldnt do it
I had to leave 
And now im alone at shayns 
I dont know what to do
Go to my house
I havent talked to your mom yet
ill call her now.
hold on
ill get right backto you
Just ask her to message me back when she gets the chance
what would you like me to convey?
ok
will do
Thank youuu
she's logging in now
just talked to her
Okay awesome thank you :3
Nuthin frum yer mum yet
family meeting with my dad and mindy si tomorrow after class. we know how those go.
Oh boy
this sounds dleightful
ill message yer mom again tomorrow and see if i can get a response because there is a distinct possibility that i could be kicked out again
maybe not, but maybe
ok
and if so
just show up
and wait
hahaha okay
i wanted to talk to her about the length of my stay
before moving in
because that sort of matters
she doesn't care how long it is
she told me that earlier
but
she appreciates your candor
haha well okay then
"candor"
i love that
I told her all that you were willing to do
and she was like
idgaf
stay as long as you want
okeee dokeeee then
i love you guys
but i need to get out of nitro
if i believed in demons
which i sometimes do
id say this whole mile radius is fucking possessed
especially james
and mindy
she fully supports your plan to go to shepherd
she thinks it would be so good for you
oh wicked
i do too
maybe next year instead of next semester, after i get some money saved up, but im working on it regardless
next year is the best plan
my mom wants you to do well
she will help however she can
awesome im so happy
sooo happy to get the fuck outta here
yesss
haha
you can do it
I believe in yuu
aw thanks b :3
josh sends me a photo of him with a cthulu mask on
*vomit*
"hahaha thats awesome"
help me
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I can't berathe
also drunbk
Stooop drinking so much dammit
Annie is very sick from it
Like super sick
I hope to die by the ave of 35
we're all good
Bahaha dammit michael
Well then fine
We're good
yes
Probably going to miss bio lecture tomorrow
My knees are bruised from hiking too much this weekend
Not cool
oh no
: (
I may need some help on a quiz tomorrow 
Spoiler:I havent been studying for this class 
THE LECTURES ARE USELESS
Theyre so bad
haha
god damn
ok
i'll help you
You're an angel
I cant wait to have a quiet place to study
I drove around for an hour trying to find a place to exist where im comfortable today
Couldnt 
Haha
Tonights the night
Family meeting showdown 
Im in the center ring with my dukes up
Daisy duke and marmaduke, to be exact
LMFAO 
Theyre DJing actually
Its gonna be a great time
You should come 
hmmm huh
why does chris like my political links
he doesn't know anything about anything
he thinks black people are a species
Comment that
What have you to lose
Hahaha
NOTHING
MICHAEL
"BLACKS" ARE ANIMALS. THEY HAVE DIFF SKULL SHAPES
yeah so do you and i chris
HAHAHA
are you a phrenologist now
lmfao
LIKE WE DIDNT ALL COME FROM AFRICA
HAHAHA
nan
Naming lab carts 
dude
I emailed a faculty memember today
and like
was asking about who to work with for my research project
and they thought I was a professional scientist
they called me dr. terranova
WHAAAAAAT
Oh my god
Hahahaha
So can I have your moms number
Or can she message me
So I can get a key for moving in
just gave it to her
literall
jsut now
haha
The key?
erm
the phone number
your phone number
she called and asked for it
hers again, is 3049411560 from 7-330
Thank you so much
Im quite pumped
Im going to be so at peace
I hope so!
I cant wait. Ill start moving stuff as soon as I get the chance to talk to her 
So eli massey
Had a spiritual revelation similar to mine, and is still experiencing all of it
And he is so incredibly nice 
Also is that a cell number for your mom?
no
she has no phone
just a work phone
Okay. I messaged her again. Ill try to call her before she leaves work and see if she can meet up with me tonight.
ok cool
Your mom is the hardest person ive ever tried to get a hold of haha
nan
I cant
Hahahaha
I lost it
I LIKE
So im super high
Hahahahahahahahaha
On what
Weed, mostly weed
"Im quitting drugs"
Bae
Ur so cute
No opiates 
no fun
Right haya
Lsa
Lolol
hunder
lemme ask u somethin
lemme ask u
r u woke
Haha what
R U WOKE
Yes
I knew you were woke
Ive been hanging out with 
Roxanne eli and Joe
And thats it
Interestin
Definitely
I feel kike hanging out with sociopaths is not good
HAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT A CATHARSIS
Right
I mean
It keeps me happy for some reason 
lol SHOCKER
ARE YOU CALLING ME A SOCIOPATH
you psycho
nope
lol
I just think it's funny
tht you're like
"IT FEELS GOOD TO NOT HANG OUT WITH PEOPLE THAT USE AND HURT ME"
like that's news
lololol
u aint woke.
Hahahaha god dammit
*kickflips off stage* 
"whip it and nae nae!" 
"it fleek!"
Im tripping a bit
so u are woke
Yes
Beard on fleek, steve. Beard on fleek.
I just received my reptile agenda shirt
awesome
Im so pumped
michael
i have to write a five page paper
tonight for bio
one of the subjects available is
the genetics of homosexuality
could you offer a hand here?
DUDE
WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN DOIN
HAHAHA
I can look up some resources for you
awesome
ive been strugglin
with life
I feel
but i had a great realization tonight
it'll be easier once you get to my house for a while at least
what?
watch this video for me, it was crazy for
me
the women in it
she speaks just like i used to
when i was "enlightened"
and listening to her
explain society
through energy
and whatnot
got me spinning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k_RO_zt4CA
so like
Are there any other topics?
hahaha
yes
a few on that one
and then a few one vaccines
a few on oil, climate change
plug in or all electric vehicles
ok
I can pull some articles on vaccines
genomics revolution
etc
yes
thank you
https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=vaccine+autism+correlation&hl=en&as_sdt=0&as_vis=1&oi=scholart&sa=X&ved=0CBwQgQMwAGoVChMIsLuTlMOHyQIVBBkeCh3o2gt4
here's some articles on vaccines
if you can't access them
go to library.osu.edu, click login off campus, enter "terranova.7" pw "Scout39005639380021833" and search for the article
youre so awesome
thank you
you can use that resource t oaccess free scientific articles any time yo uwant
just basically search for keywords and find the articles, avoiding payment because of my university affiliation
sassy cool
Hi friend
Friend!
Im at your house 
Awesome!!
how has your day been
So good
How are you??
I'm swell
Trying to plan the rest of the semester out
How?
academically
how I'm doing holidays
all that jazz
Oh okay
did you have off today
i assume you did
Mostly but not totally
Im going to move most stuff tomorrow and friday I think 
Also, I need help with some researcg
What would you suggest for visualizing fungi spores? 
ehhh
dude
I dunno
I don't remember that stuff honestly
haha
I need to do it for my research thing
With the dogs
hmmm
Solophenyl Flavine 7GFE 500 and Pontamine Fast Scarlet 4B
I read some paper
s
lol
in terms of dues
dyes
there's also  Fluorescence in situ hybridization
or fish
obvio
Well damn thank you
Haha
get all your stuff moved?
Everything but my desk and the lizards. And you have a desk do maybe I can use that. 
I do
and you can
Thank you so much 
Im gonna get it super clean 
And work my way down
Haha
hahaa
you get your resources for that paper? was my login info helpful?
I ended up not needing the articles, found some pretty decent ones and I didnt need to go terribly in depth,  but I appreciate the info 
niceeeeeee
Interesting bio had you write a paper
i wasl ike
bruh
what
Yea I have more
Haha
FUN FUN FUN
you're gonna think I'm satan for this
Tell me
nan
I am the worst human being
to have ever lived
OMG
Hahaha
Shit
oops
my problematic fave
Your room looks pretty heady as of late
Its so comfy 
Im so happy
Yay!!!
I think im gonna try tackling the fridge
Do you have the wifi password? 
erm
GPAJTD
something
gpajtd7?
Haha let me try that 
erg
gpajtdmw
gpajtdmw
gpajtdmw
Now youve summoned the wireless monster 
WHAT THE FUCK MICHAEL
Ahhhhh
TELL MY LIZARDS I LOVED THEM
release them at my funeral
make sure they haven't been fed
Hahaha
Yes
https://vine.co/v/eIi1aWjBI3E
HOWS MY ROOM BETCH
HOW R U
Wi-Fi seems to not be working at the moment but ill watch it when I can.  Im super gravy.  Got the attic all cleaned up and organized and its super comfy :3
Yayyyy
talk to my mom about that
see what's up
or go downstairs and reset the box. It's next to that weird tall desk
hahahaha
I will do that haha
cause obvi
u need to do hw
and so do she
u no
lawl
John is/was here
Which was a little startling for a minute 
yeah????
Hes quite intimidating 
Hahaha
HE IS
LMFAO
Right?!
I FEEL LIKE HES OBSERVING ME 
But hes probably noy
Not
HE IS
no
he is
Hahaha
HAHAHA
he totally is
i swear
loololol
Hahahaha
i become reclusive when he visits often times
is he not a bit like
robert california
QUIT TRYIN TO FIGURE ME OUT
i already did, dwight
he constantly talks of fucking
and animal instincts
and is always...looking
Yea dude I saw him and I was like UP THE STAIRS I GO
hahaha
He'll "figure me out"
HAHAHAHAHA
I CANT BREATHE
he will
I ALREADY HAVE.
I instantly hid away
Hahaha
I know what you mean
I feel like
we're all rats
in his laboratory
Yes
Just like that
Dude I cleaned out the fridge
And like
There was a package of opened Turkey bacon
ROTTING
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I can't
breathe
I can't
omfg
I can't
It was something else
hahaha
Let me tell you right now thatbi am SO GLAD I can talk to you about things like this 
Little absurdities
what do you mean?
Why is that?
Because ive been talking with james and it just feels like hes bullshitting me and doesnt care about anything I say no matter how he fakes 
Im trying to let it fizzle out however it is going to
I feel like if I stop talking to him again the cycle will repeat
I dont know what lesson I should be taking from this 
I'm not sure
people are complicated machines
We are machines. 
Yes
literally what I'm studying in college: The idea that everything we do can be reduced to machines
lulz
I mean, it can be 
All of it
Artificial intelligence is horrifying
lol
but I love the concept
Yea I do wonder if AI could actually replicate us
Totally
It is a scary thought 
it can
and it will
maybe not completely in our lifetime
but eventually even the people that make computers will be computers
Haha damn 
I mean
WHAT ABOUT LOVE MICHAEL
THE POWER OF LOVE
"I was just learning to love"
-computron
Raw human emotion
HAHAHAHA
My god
pam pam pam pam pam and then you sneezed in my tea and said don't worry it's just allergies do you remember that
HAHAHAHAHA
Man
Ive been watching a lot of 30 rock recently
Like a lot
YES
LOVE IT
ALEC BALDWIN IN THAT SHOW
IS PURE GOLD
liz lemon is kind of my mother
He is a man made entirely of gold 
Liz lemon is my #spiritanimal
Hahahaha
the hashtg video with jimmy kimmel and justin timberlake
the finger thing they do
hashtag
the realllll cookie monster
I love that
Hahahaha
Oh man
Dats good
You know
I was just sitting back
Having a vape
And a thought occured to me 
IM VAPING I VAPE SUCK ON THIS VAPE
Its a little bit chilly up here
Good thing Ive got my trusty dusty space heater 
YAH
we get it
you vape
WE GET IT OK
WE
GET
IT
*blows cloud the size of hurricane katrina, wiping out all of 4chan*
I showed the twin tower thing to james 
OMG
He found it quite hilarious
Or maybe he just laughed but had no feelings one way or the other
HIS LAUGHTER SOUNDS LIKE CRYING
HAHAHAHAH
that's #wet
Oh god
Hahaha
Very #crisp
and #fleek
steve, beard on flek
Fleekcrisp
The dopest breakfast cereal in yo muhfuckin kitchen
Hey do you have your moms new number?
The heat is off and its a little chilly haha
did you try the thermostat in the dining room?
and she hasn't received the phone yet haha
I didn't want to mess with it without asking?
Don't do above 71
Is it okay if I turn it on?
that's the rule
Okay
Its at like 61 I think
OMG
ADJUST THAT
HAHAHAHA
Can I switc it to "heat"?
yea
Its on cool
Hahahaha
just make sure once it
oh
well
yaaas
Now it says " 61 85"
what
So ill adjust the "85"
ok
hahaha
Yea I n dont know
Just trying to not blow up the house
Hahaha
yah don do dat
Now how about the hot water 
Does it work or no?
I would have no way of knowing
I hope so
Haha alright. The sink upstairs doesnt but ill check the shower when it warms up some 
My bones is shiverin
I would bring this up to my mom. Be like yo I so appreciate this but I am paying you a small sum and I'm an icecube covered in dirt
oh god
gross analogy
HAHAHAHAHA
APOLOGIES FOR THAT IMAGE
she said she just wants me to help clean
oh
well
Which I have no problem doing 
want me to give her a call and see what the sitch is?
She was so happy that I messed around with the fridge haha
She's at johns
Sure if you can get a hold of her
Thatd be fantastic
she said
everything will be on monday
she paid the bill late
I have a suggestion
paper on the fridge
with stuff on it
to remind the both of you you neeed to do your repsonsibilities
lulz
not passive aggressive
because it includes you
She def said
she paid it late though
there may be more heaters in the house
there are at least 3
like within the bedrooms and the basement
there are at least 3 in the house
Okay that sounds like a fancy idea
I have a heat in the attic
So I should be good
You can probably find a second if YOU WANT to look that is
haha
but ok cool
pun intended
Okay lolol
Thank you mikel
ur welcome bro.
#thanksbro
yes, bro
how are my kitties
 Theyre great. Scout has been very sneaky recently 
SHE ALWAYS IS
SHE IS
BUT SHE IS A RECREANT
THERE IS NO PENANCE FOR SCOUT
Haha
I swear she's tried to frame other animals for things
i mean
we technically are responsible for her evisceration
so
i'd be salty af
HAHAHA
She is a recreant 
My god
omfg
she's like the judas of my house
she would trade you off for a nibble of nip like *that*
sly bastard
HAHAHAHA NIP
Hahahaua
nip
OMG
NIP
HAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHA
I just found her upstairs
Poaching my geckos
oh my god
i bet she couldn't give a shit
but knows you do
Right hahahaha
Shes one crazy cat
she's challenging the new dominant presence by fucking with her artificats
HISSSSS
This must be what patches sees in here 
ARTIFACTS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
so
I just realized
patches, is like...an amalgam of every insane thought we have, personified, created o we could better understand ourselves
I think
Yes
Which means we should be working with patches more
Yes
For our own healthy
Health
Hshshs
His expertise is often needed
All the time
Driving to mi madres wish me luck
good luck bae
Thanks bae
Hi friend 
hi
So 
I feel like ive been a little paranoid
Almost to being totally crazy
yeah?
Yes
I dont think james is a sociopath
I think he has ptsd
And is very smart
But hes not a terrible person 
Ive just been reading into him like hes a predator
I feel like a crazy person
I still have to sort of watch him because he has TOLD me he is a sociopath
But we were tripping
So im not 100%
But I have to trust him 100% to move forward with this
And see if it flies or falls
Anyway youre the only person I can talk to about this stuff
jsut give me just a bit
I'm cramming for two exams
I promise I'll give you a good response
just dying currently
Dying is more important yes go!
Whats up friend?
Just left mysefond exam
Howd it go??
My body 
My mind
I am ruined haha
The last question
Took 35 minutes. The other 30 questiojs took an hour
Jesus
Make sure you get sleep tonight
O chem is taxing 
Haha
I WILL
So question
Ive got two heaters and one humidifier up here
I need another cord
Ill go buy one if I cant find one 
But thought you might know where one is located
I cant think of a specific place hahaha
Okay ill look around
May just go get another while the room warms up
Okay cool. Ask my mom if she's not at johns doing hw
Its funny
The house
Is essentially to you haja
She is, talked to her before she left haha
Weve been getting along fanously 
Fabulous 
Seen matt much
Hes a hoot
He said
Hunter arrived 
She came with reptiles
HAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahahaha
Losing it
Ive seen him once
I showed him the geckos
He is either at the gym or my grandmas
Haha
At the gym???
What
No way
Yeah like 247
He has a membership somewhere
Thats insane 
Im jealous of his drive
He is obsessive to distract himself from the nightmarish hellscape that is his reality
Hahaha
Jesus hahahaha
Alec cable
Kenzies brother
Yah?
Has become a good friend of mine
REALLY
He's schizophrenic as well
Howd that happen
AWESOME
I bet hes super interesting 
He is!!
He tells us about his demons
He hears them
I wamna talk to this guy
We go over and keep him company so he isnt alone all the time
Because he lives alone
Awh
I just realized the only hallucinations ive had have been people saying things to me like that time at your house
And im analyzing why
Me
That's why 
I have a real issue with hallucinations 
The energy in the room was very
Communal 
We were quite high 
Hey call me pls
Call me pls
So I had james over last night 
And I had to scoot the mattress over a little bit
And your/my bowl fell out
O.o
Hahaha oh n9
I was like MY HEAVENS
It made me so happy
Now I can smoke p0t
Where would I put the trash bag if I wanted to take it out?
Back porch
Funky phresg
H
nan
where the hell is my mom
that's like almost 3 months of electricity unpaid
Im not sure 
one sec
im calliong her in five
she may be stopping by the house on her way to johns
idk
but im gonna give her transit time
then call
Okee dokee
I left it on the door, gonna take a nap in a few
Im gonna pass out, so if I dont answer ya im sleepin
ok cool
Wat yo momma say?
My dad wants me to take the rest of my lizards, I just need to know theyll be okay in the attic
Hold on. Im gonna call her again i forgot
Okay thanks 
Any word? 
She said shes doing somethibg. Idk. I assume shes gonna make the minimum payment to turn it on.
Well okay lol 
Thats what she usually does
She cant afford to live in tht house haha
How long has she been doing that?
Since my dad stopped child support
She doesn't make much money lol
I mean thats none of my business,  just making sure I dont have to move again right yet
Im praying I pass my classes
Ive been all over the place without internet and sleeping everywhere 
Not anyones fault but my own 
You wont have to she pulls through eventually
And dude im so sorry 
Its okay. Just trying to be stable. 
Should I just get my associates and do mortuary school 
no
Im thinking seriously about it
do what you want
but
the concept
well think about this
real quivk
I want to be a mortician
Thats my end game
there is....Pleased BY. and pleased THAT. You would be pleased BY getting an associates instead, but more pleased THAT you got a 4 year degree. either way you are going to mortuary school, but what is more important psychologically to you? long term satisfaction for what you have done, or instant satisfaction in the moment?
I know what you're saying and thats my conundrum.  
It's everyone's conundrum hahaha
it sucks
I found a compromise
Drugs
Alcohol
I am still studying science, but not going to medical school. I am more pleased by my immediate decision, not to take med schools required classes, and i think ill still be pleased that I studied the brain
if that makes any sense
Yes that does. But im having serious trouble passing basic math 
Im about to be an art major
Not even joking 
I mean what did you expect, ya been outta school for some time, and even then, you didn't try at math. it wasn't that you couldn't, you just didn't try. I wil make this argument....I know bio majors whoare worse at maththan you are. You don't need to be a mathematician. And again with some work you can probably improve a whollleee lot
I dont have the time to focus on school. Im worried about my living situation all the time recently. 
yea
that needs to be stabalized
Its not that I cant do it 
i know
Its that I dont have the resources
such as
Basically just a quite place alone with my laptop where I can also cook food. I have to be alone to do anything. 
My anxiety has gotten so much worse michael
Its so baf
Bad
I can tell
I keep trying to think about high school and how I dealt then 
And im really not sure 
you didn't deal
you escaped
you are an escapist
dealing is hard
Well fuck.
I can't do it
haha
I'm still working on it
so are you
You deal though
I escape
HARDLY
IM AN ALCOHOLIC
Its so upsetting 
I guess so
but  i have learned how to deal in ways i didn't get in high school
you are in your first semester
it is just gona be HELL
just accept that
it is gonna be scary and your life will spiral out of control
then you learn
how to manage all of these things in your mind brain
not perfectly
but better
more efficiently
That makes me feel better
I guess ive been mostly looking at james for comparison
And hes super human
I dont really have other school friends 
I must say that I do have some really good ideas for productivity next semester 
Did you not pass anything your first year?
tbh I got a 4.0 because I ignored everyone who tried to make friends with me and stayed in my dorm all day
but not passing something isn't the end of the world
there is this thing
called
"freshman forgiveness" that most schools smploy
employ
where you can retake a class you took as a freshman and have the grade replaced
because it's recognized that freshman year is hard
hell
last year
I got a 2.5
Have you ever failed anything? Haha
no
lol
Howd you get a 2.5?
I got a C- a B+ an A and an A-
so just like
the c minus
was in a class
worth 5 credits
hahaha
The minus and plus counts? Haha
here it does
not in most places
Damn
Thats insane
Oh no
I have dog shit on my shoe
Sigh
Hahahaha
LIFE IS ONE ACCIDENTAL FOLLY
itis
I wish I had money to stay in a dorm
But then id have a room mate
I love the attic
yeah it's expensive
We can make my house work
Just wish I had internet
I just need to get my mom
to remembner
that you live there
and we need water
internet
heat
hahaha
I can deal without heat and hot water
Internet is needed
ok
gotxga
My heaters are pretty efficient 
And ive been showering at my dads
James stayed the other night 
It was so sweet
He actually likes me
Im still coming to terms with this
yay
well yeah
He is SO GOOD LOOKING
Like my god
Its unbelievable 
I had a friend come grab her phone from me that she'd left in my car
And she saw him
And the next day I asked if she got a read on him
And shes like "ugh hes hot"
YES I KNOW BUT HELP
I need intelligent female friends 
I hate burdening you with my love life
I almost killed leas cat with a kitchen knife just now
i had to lock him in her room
so as to prevent this
HAHAHA GOD
not kidding
Dont do it
Do you hate her?
I am looking for something to kill unconsciously
stupid cancer cat
just die
so i dont have to kill you
hate the cat
I thought you liked the cat haha
I promise I wont scheme to kill your animals 
I like it for leas sake. She is emotionally volatile
Well she has a vagina im assuming 
Comes with the territory 
hahaha well yeah she do
She do
Hahahaha
she do
hahahahahaha
Do she got a vagina doe
She do
she do
JAHAHahdihdh
dkp
[weofj
prngprejg
omg
"She got a vagina doe"
She do she do
she do
Hahahaha laughing alone like an idiot 
Ive missed it
that's my life in a sentnece
Cackling secretively
Squad goals
Hahaha
wanna laugh
like
REALLY hard
Yes hahahaha
So
my sister texts me at two am
and says
"michael, *it* happened"
I was like wooooaohh what and went to bed
woke up this morning
texted her about
it
she says
"I was caught by police officers, having sex, in a very public place. I was arrested naked"
and I told her
#squadgoals
HAHAHAHAHA
now the underlying narrative here
concerns me
she said "it" happened
as if like
this was like the apex of some sort of weird social desire she had
like "IT FINALLY HAPPENED"
what?????????
Hahahahaaha
Why else would she piss in the street 
Naked arrest was always a #squadgoal
#guacgoals
#godskoal
the name diana
hands
gift giving is not just for the holidays
I took a test to see which gossip girl i was, and I got "the dads guitar"
have you even BEEN to fire island
where is the mall located
Hahahahaha jesus
Yer killin it
sorry I have a disorder
Sometimes I wish I were more crazy than I am
HAHAHAHA A DISORDER
Don't wish that
because if it comes true
Disorder
then you will start trying to kill your roommates cat because a boy doesn't love you
HAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ive been having thoughts of 
Death
Not killing myself
But ending the struggle
We have discussed this
yes
like
if there was a live shooter in the library
i wouldn't run
but I'm not gonna buy the gun
and off myself
ya know
HAHAHAHA
Fuuuuuck
Thats hilarious
Also I feel like gun shops are scared to sell guns to skinny awkward white boys at this point
think about it
I look like a version of a school shooter in some way
hahahahahaha
So this plan is DUNZO
Hahahaha youd have to employ a rugged looking deer hunting freshman as an accomplice 
"Woo this has a nice stock on eet"
HAHAHAHAHA
OMFG
OMFG
so
we should stop this convo
before I end up on another watch list
HAHAHAHA ANOTHRT
Wtf
yeah
in high school
when steven peoples threatened the president on tweeter
they tapped my phone
and surveyed me online
How do you know this
Did the aliens tell you
there are ways to tell if you'r ephone is tapped
there is a VERY specific noise associated with it when making calls
also
the battery life is cut in half
it's always hot
HAHAHA WHAT
it randomly blinks
yeah
Omg
it stopped after like a month
MY PHONE MIGHT BE TAPPED
Oh no
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAAHHAHAAHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I CANT irgj
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
IT'S LIKE I JUST DESCRIBED SYMPTOMS OF CANCER TO SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T REALIZE THEY HAVE CANCER
Hahahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LIKE OH SHIT MAN
OH LOOK A NEW TYPE OF CRAZY
LET ME TRY IT ON
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
FITS REAL SNUG
it look good
nice bootcut fit, around the amygdala
Im sitting in my car laughing and pounding the steering wheel 
Crying
HAHAHHAHAHAAHHA
I am alone in my apartment
What have you done
doing just that
i miss this in person
lollol
I miss yew bew
Come back
But not forever because ive replaced you
Remember
wha
lol
Twas only a joke
So im talking to josh
Scratch that
Trying to talk to josh
HAHAHA
tryin
And I think im just baiting him to go into an autistic rage
So I can stop talking to him
hahahaha
omg
hahaha
"Yes nurse, the patient seems to be experiencing acute autistic rage. Give him a coloring book and close all of the blinds"
HAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahaha oh god
I went deep for that one
hahaha
I saw the other day
One of those adult coloring books
With mandalas
In james room
And a pouch of what I assume to be colored pencils
Really had one of those moments of like......what
tf
hahahahahahah
I didnt want to ask him about it
He showed me photos of his old days
And he was like
A "wigger"
Fat
Throwing up middle fingers
Drinking beer
It was shocking 
OMGGGGGGOhpigyucxkygyi
Throwing up middle fingers
I swear to god
He had taken two focalin
And was in meth head mode
Going through his closet and showing me everything
He has a massive safe box
With ounces of solid gold and silver
Doomsday style
that's literally crazy
hahahaha
omg
There was also
oh no
Bottles of pain pills
oh
Like morphine
OH
not like norco
like
MORPHINE
SHIT
But hes an ex addict
haha
well
He doesnt even touch them
that makes sense
He has SO MUCH DRUGS
if I had a closet full of pain pills I would nevever be sober
Id likely die
yeah
me too
Tbh
I have no self control
I do but it comes and goes haha
I DEFINITELY don't
hahaha
I mean
I have been smoking less weed
dude
omg
my short term memory
disappeared
I smoked bowl after bowl every day
for months
and lost my sense of spatial awareness
and memories of important conversations
began pissing everyone off
failing tests
Hahahaha no way
I will make the argument that there is such a thing as too much weed
Thats crazy
HAHAHA
yeah
like
this one time
I mean, for school,  yes
I had to make a formula sheet for my biostatistics class
I was so high
I basically did everything backwards
used it sober on the test
and failed
haha
Omg
Hahahaha 
Did it backwards
"Ohno"
So yesterday martin gave me this drug
That rendered me USELESS for houts
Hours
When I tell you what its called youre going to lose it
"5meo pcp"
HAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
Swear to go
The world was like
Stop motion
I couldnt process transitions 
Everything was totally numb
It was basically pcp
Yep
that's pcp
hahahahaha
I had to go work in the lab afterwards
I looked like a god damned psychopath
Hahahahahaha
Just watched the trailer for zoolander 2
And laughed so hard
What is wrong with me
everything
Im still 10 really
Emotionally at least
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVggXZPCuYw
HAHAHA
OH NO
Saw a hipster online with a shrek sweatshirt
8 bit shrek
HAHAHAHAHAHA
So like
Sometimes i think im fat
But im really not
Like really not
Hahahaha
hahhaha ok so
Just a comforting catharsis 
nan
Oh no
Double shrek attack
they're having sax
saxual intercourse
HAHAHAHAHA
Im in class help
Focus
do work now
try and not think about
No its okay
shreksual intersax
Its a ten minute class
Hahahahaha my god
So
Off topic
I have to tell you
Because you planted me in your home as the spy
OK
OMG
Your mom thinks youre going to kill yourself or something
Hahahahaha
ELABORATE
Because of isaac
SERIOUSLY
Why is this so funny
ohno
Yes
what did she say
She said youre bound to "up and do something"
Hahahahahaha
ok
so
implicitly
kill myself
nice mom
nice
Yes
Dont mention it
But she was trying to pump me for information
So shes asking for it
I wont
I mean maybe you will maybe you wont but its not isaac either way
Isaac is representative of the bitch we call reality
IT IS COLD AND UNLOVING
I basically professed my love for him yesterday and told him about all of the stuff that I've ever been upset about
Howd that go
and how I felt abused in our relationship
Oh boy
he said
that I boxed him in and forced him to change.
i am also a bad guy here??
but like
he had no emotional stake
he had control
HE DID
not me
Hahaha typical
yeah
He didnt change
and then basically
he was like
Wtf is he talking abouy
yeah idc, you could wake up tomorrow and say that you're in love with me and I wouldn't want to change our dynamic
My phone will die in a few fyi
ok
like
What an asshole
So like
Whats it going to take for you to be done with him
I have no fucking clue
I just
I don't feel things for people like this
when I was trying t odescribe how I felt
to him
about him
it took me twenty minutes
I don't even know what it is
so how can I fix it
You maybe aspire to be like him in the way that he is free spirited
And unattached
perhaps
but you get this
i mean
i don't get attached
my surface level friends
I could give a shit about
but it's like
if I do get attached
Right
it's one person
and they ruin me
I do get that
Yep
Feels all around
I will probably kill myslf before I hit 30 though
not like planning on anything
just like
I don't see myself being able to make it any longer than that
I mean I understand that
I doubt ill kill myself
Ive been too close and felt the regret
Do you ever feel like
Even with those you love most
You cannot let yourself be close to them
Not fully
yes
Theres always a wall
You always alienate yourself
I cannot let myself be vulnerable
nan
DEATH FOODS
FROM THE INSIDE
Just watched the elisa lamb video
Laughing to tears its so creepy 
HAVE YOU SEEN IT
no
what
also my mom said she reativated the internet
so you may just need to reset the router
Wicked! ! !
Look up the elisa lamb story
And then watch the video
And try not to cry
I will after class today
haha
James showed it to me
And even he was like THIS IS CREEPY
It shook me up
Haha
Im isolating truffle spores
First time ive not felt afraid of my research haha
HAHAHA
Niceee bruh
Also I had to listen to pink floyd all night and its messing with me
WE TOLD YOU WHAT TO DREAM
Hey so
The ethernet or whatever cord is unplugged
Do you know where it plugs into
Yeah
under the desk
Thank you so much
Also watch that video
And dont talk to me about it
But actually do
um
like
i don't get it
she seems mentally ill or distressed
Yes
Read the story about it
They still dont know how it happened
I'm failing a class
if I get 100% on the final
I still fail
if i fail
my gpa drops below a 2.0
I lose my scholarship
and have to come home
I'm going to kill myself
Its okay, calm down
Lets talk about this
Surely there are others ways to pay for classes 
Loans? Fafsa?
Transferring school as a last resort 
Im paying for school without a scholarship
Talk to me
Things could be SO MUCH worse
You could be josh beane 
I can do it
listen
I emailed my TA
and if I don't get a good response
about what to do
I am gonna drop it
Take the W on my transcipt
because I DONT NEED O CHEM
Yea just drop it.  Youre gonna be fine. I promise.  College seems to be the most stress of our lives. A huge hurdle to easy street at a 9 to 5.
Math is easy
Pictures are not
All ochem
Is drawing
I cant do it
Haha
Im much better with pictures 
What if I can do cheam
Chem
Haha
Plot twist
My last math test
I scribbled down some bullshit answers for a couple of problems and turned it in
Laughed as I handed it to my prog
Prof
Like, dont even bother grading this
HAHAHA
you would be good at ochem honestly
it's less math
more concepts
and drawings
I may be great at it. Photographic memory. I can visualize anything but you cant visualize algebra. Its all concepts.  Haha
tru dat tru dat
who dat who dat
i had wine because i was sad
but now I realized
I'm good at math. and coding. I don't need chemistry. Fuck that
Well organic chemistry
Right youre good at what you di
I replaced my next chem course with psychopharmacology
basically
the leading marijuana expert in academia
works here
and teaches a course on it
hahahaha
Do
Im just over here like
"What skills?"
I cant talk my way out of anything
I noticed today that I started mirroring james
So well I forget thats not how I act
He makes this face when he laughs, the eyes look tortured
Ive started doing it 
Sorry wifi stopped
Weird gap in subject matter
Keep taking weird classes
If you love them 
I like weird classes
today
I learned about the biology of decision making
I have learned about the biology of racism, emotion, bias, and all this fun stuff
there's like an actually biological correlate to racism
we should study chris in a lab
Hahaha chris is like the most stupidly racist person ive ever met
he is the kind of person
who says like
"a" black
"a" gay
Yes that person hahaha
Thats chris
"a" racist
want to see a cool equation I invented
sry i been drinkin
i been drinkin
surfboard.
Sure why not haha
Dx = (ic) + ( ie) + h
Im watching dexter
Whats that mean
it means
Decision= summation of internal cognition relations + external cues + plus heuristics
it's a model
for how people vote
Ohhh I see
Thats really cool
So as long as you assign a variable to something
You can write it into an equation
exactly
that's how computational modeling works
and then uyou model it in a neural net
which basically means
I like that a lot haha
a network of probability trees that lead t oa decision based on all these factors
I emailed a professor about it
and they thought I was a professor
and called me doctor
hahahahaha
Oh my 
You should get your degree now
Hahaha
I am good at RANDOMLY specific things
like scrutinizing other people's violin playing
Thats great though
and computer coding
Hahahaha
I didnt knownyou coded until recentlt 
yeah
I taught myself
I'm taking a classin c++ next semester
software engineering in the summer
then algorithms
artificial intelligence
and then neuronal networks
i love it
I really just want to model the brain with computers
I get all the perks
avoiding people
and their stupid faces
and bodies
research in the brain
it's a win win
That sounds really great
Ive been thinking about
oooh tell me
Getting my bachelor's and going to mortuary school
And then
Oh boy
plot twist
Continuing school as a mortician
Because the hours are probably great
you know who has great hours and great pay
And I could be a blood spatter analyst or something
What
and I think this would really interest you
Who
pathologist/forensic pathologist/ skeletal biologist (like zoey dechenals sister in bones?)
That sounds amazing. So like blood spatter but bones. Haha
yes
look it up
I will do that
I would love to work in a forensics lab
look into it
you would like foresneic pathology
I will.  
So like
I think ive found a pattern in my behavior
When I am really really tired
you sleep
I become paranoid
I couldnt sleep very well at james' last night
And today im thinking like
He doesnt have feelings
Hes messing with me
Etc
But half of me thinks it isnt just paranoia
I really cant tell at this point
Am I crazy or is he crazy
Im lost
I wish you knew him so you could help
Invite me up for thanksgiving and ill bring him
Or something haha
I doubt that would work
Who knows
You're both invited
it's official
you jsut hav eto help me cook
have to* lolol
Well okay then hahaha
Wait when is thanksgiving? 
my mom is driving to columbus tuesday to visit before she flies to CO. I think thanksgiving is thursday
I've decided to do a friend thanksgiving this year
I like a friend thanksgiving.  Let me see if james comes up with an excuse to not go or if he can deal with the social interaction.  Same apartment or new one?
Same apartment!
we're gonna move stuff around and set up a long table
Yes this sounds fantastic
As long as I have gas im good to go
Oh no an answer from james
james!!!!!!
Lets see what he says
krispy kreme
I knew it
it was james
His family rents out the volunteer fire department in eleanor on thanksgiving day and they do a big thing 
Fuck
Haha
awh
well
you're still welcome
be it thursday
LETS HAVE A PRE THANKSGIVING
or hitching a ride with my mom
haha
Maybe like Wednesday
Would that be too weird
that would be fine
Lets see if I can swing this. What kind of food? James cooks too. Grass fed steaks????
Haha
I mean obvi we are buying
Somehow I will make finances work 
I just realized this would be the only thanksgiving dinner I can actually eat too
my mom is giing money for foood
giving*
NO WAY
yah
Ill come up Thursday
fam
cool
Or errr
One of the days
Hahaha
ok
For sure
dealers choice
Hahaha
thats not quite
Yes
yeah
whenever
Lolol
pigrh
cool
I like to bring someone with me for the drive but I dont know who. Ive shut off my friend valves
James of course had a reason to not go
Eh whatever. I know he would have just not talked to anyone. 
hm
think on it
if not
Shayn is good but hes sort of a little bitch about so many things 
he is
lol
Hes definitely the feminine aspect of our relationship
Hes like a whiny girl
Eh ill figure it out
Im just excited to c u!
ME TOOO
YAYYYYY
Maybe I can paint u a pitcher
YES
I NEED SOMETHING TO HANG
Yes this is my design
Hahaha
nan
I can't
hahhaa
omg
make i
it
stop
Im sorry ill stop hahaha
Iz my bed time
Night night <3
what do you mean you will be unplugging? haha
deleting my fb
OH
duh
delei
yeah
haha
I was like
bruh
FROM ERYTHING
If in unplugged
my energy cells would stop working
and I couldn't chew food
the messages i sent didnt send
for some reason
i said
interesting
i still have my phone
thats really weird
hahaha
hahaha
that is weird
I'm so excited to see you (if this works out right)
yea me too bruh my only obstacle is gas money
i havent made my car payment yet
and that is important
I'll ask my mom to take some of the money she's giving me and give it to you for gas
actually
I could probably send you a bit myself
currently
lol
I have enough to cover that at the very least
well that would work out perfectly
i can pack food if i need ta
im watching asmr videos
am i weird
no
i have masturbated to those as a kid
don't feel weird
hahahaha thank you michael
i love you so much
hahahahahaha
SENSORY OVERLOAD
bahahaha
my god
yaaaaaas
When you say "as a kid"
It occurs to me that I have not made a differentation between my adult and child lives 
Still feel like a kid haha
we're 22.
22.
22.
22.
No
1/4 to death
Stoo saying that
NO
NEVER
i feel 19
Im immortal
Hahahaha
I also feel quite young 
Now youre going to make me accept my death all over again
Dammit michael
Hahahaha
so
i was watching the democrtacti presidential debate
and hillary clinton
says
"we don't have to accept this nihilism"
but
she says it like this
"we don't have to accept this nee-hee-lism" with distinct breaks between each syllable
HAHAHAHA
das funny
And yes we do have to accept it
Haha
accept this chicken
it's non gmo
organic
grass fed
trough splattered
fire burned
and raw
And just as representative of the great void as anything else 
eagle
Watching an asmr called
Relaxing with satan
link me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FR6EHEI_T0k
enjoy
hahahaha
no
shut it down
shut it down
this guy
nope
SHUT IT DOWN
I feel like I could watch asmrs and never have another face to face interaction again
Hahahahahahahaha
HAHAAHHAHAHA
Hes hilarious
he has a costume on
I like a screen talking to me
i can't edealeeldk
He does
Hahahahaha
He does lovecraftian characters
Its ridiculous
I love it
I guess satan is like
A zen master
Or something
remember when hailing satan was  funny
because
we thought that THAT
YES
was the best way to make christians realize they were crazy
like
just pissing them off
yes
Hahahahahaha
great plan
Yes
I loved that
sail hatan
Its funny that we got that out of our systems in middle school
Like
we did
There are people who do that now
Because they like the reaction
ew
what
Hahahaha
that's pathetic
lol
The scene kids
OMG
THEY STILL EXIST
Modern scene kids
THE SCENE LIVES
Yes
Hahahahahaha
i got a fb flashback today
from someone
named
kory michael rage
OMG HAHAHA THAT KID
I remember him
remember
zach pauley
Yes lolol
I do
he had big gauges
He did
So did u
like ian "this world will flal" barker
I love ian tho
he still cool
HAHAHA
Well das good 
Never really talked to him myself
I HAVE NO FRIENDS
he is very into things you are into
Haha
but he isn't crazy
Is he now
yes
like metaphysicla realms
and shit
"But he isny crazy"
he got weird after high school
THANKS
he isn't
he isn't like joe knight
hahahaha
like
more you
I KNEW IT
he doesn't wipe with the hand
and water
WAS WAITING FOR YOU TO SAY
JOE
hahahaha
SPECIFICALLY SO I COULD TELL YOU
JOE HAS STOPPED TALKING TO ME
OH NO
BECAUSE
OH NO
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
i am already laughing
HE HAD A DREAM THAT I WAS DRINKING HIS BLOOD
hhahaahhaah
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HE HAS TOLD SHAYN
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMFG
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
IM AFTER HIS SOUL
his neuronal milk
like
shayn told him
youve been distancing yourself from people
because you wipe your ass with your hand
nah
but why
hahaha
shouldnt you maybe look for something a little more tangible to base this decision on
and joe goes
OH NO
the way he does
hahahahaha
"ehhhh its tangible"
HAHAHAHA
hahahahahaha
NO
IT IS NOT
LIKE
IT IS IN THIS WAY
HE IS LOSING IT
IN TERMS OF ACTUAL CALCULUS....REALITY IS TANGENTIAL TO JOE'S REALITY, COMING VERY CLOSE TO TOUCHING IT, BUT NEVER REALLY TOUCHES IT
right
they are distinctly different
hahaha
like he is so close to realituy
but far enough
to not be a part of it
right exactly
like
the biggest thing is
he has created a barrier
he CANT come into contact with reality
as soon as he gets close
he convinces himself to go elsewhere
He cant deal with reality
I can't either
but I don't
The wifi here is like on and off 
damn
that's annoying
But yes I am delusionak sometimes 
Thats true
what's true
Like my fears of things 
Are not real
That im delusional
i feel crazy sometimes
like i have beliefs
that make no sense
and i can catch myself in them
but you have to train yourself to stop going there, mentally
also
i have acid
three hits
Yeah????
Oh shit
Oh yes. No idea what im doing with it but its mine. Haha
yes
James fixed the wiring upstairs 
nd put in a TV 
Now there are lights and an outlet
Also nailed down the nails in the stairs throughout the house 
Holy shit
WOW
It's straight up nice now
I have everything I need
I'm so happy
Haha
YESSS
Thats awesome
!!!!
Yesssss
I have a wii!
Haha
Just need batteries for the remote
YAAAAAS
nan
!!!!!
rutaBAEga 
It look good
Hahahaha 
I'm on Facebook because my phone doesn't work btw
Or rather my service
Where did you get that
I was messing around with the word in my head
And came up with it
Hahahahahahahaha
Like the genius I am
MESSING AROUND WITH THE WORD RUTABAEGA 
YOU WERE LIKE
MIKEEL LIKES THIS WORD 
I was watching bojack horseman
And there's a rabbit character with that name
Hahahaha
HAHAHA OKG YES
I love bojack
So much
I JUDT FELL ON MY SIDE
Laffing
I am toppled
Hahahaha I toppled you
Crumbling like a greek statue
Hunter called you.
You called Hunter.
What's your Netflix login for when I get back?
Amt2893@gmail.com 

Imawsome1 
Of coursw
<3
Hehaw
Are we sharing an account or do you want me to create a new one? 
Profile change threw me off
Haha
Eye Mead it
We can share
Poop I just made one
Thts fine lol
OMG I see your message on my tv
This is the future
What
Hahahaha
Yeah
This is literally all I used Chris for
Technology 
I'm such a girl when it comes to technology
Devs relationship in master of none
Feels all over the place
Yes..
Go watch a Nathanial solace video on youtube
I NEED TO DO THAT
Hunter called you.
Red alert red alert 
PHONE
CLOVERFIELD SEQUEL
LOOK UP THE TRAILER
NOW
NOW
NOW
OMG no way one sec
it's got john goodman i think
it looks GOOD
it's called 10 cloverfield lane
or something
I almost cried 
I love that movie SO MUCH
ME TOO
you must watch the philosophy of rickand morty
must
Okay also that show is too much hahaha
it is
I have seen every episode
once
i have no desire to watch it again
haha
I've seen a handful of them while tripping
Not good
Hahahaha
HAHAHAHA
THATS HILARIOUS
I WOULD NOT WATCH THOSE WHILE TRIPPING
Martin did it
Of course
Dude so I had this dream about going to the lab and my boss letting me keep a bunch of animals there
And I woke up like PUMPED on reptiles 
IM AT IT AGAIN
we at it again
aren't some of your animals in the lab? or in someone's possession at school?
haha
Yes Fred belongs to Dr collins
Who I would marry
He loves me 
He's so impressed with my knowledge
That's awesome
He told me he's getting a gopher tortoise
Which is illegal
that's awesome
Hahaha
Woooo academia!
wooo academia
wait collins is the insect guy right??
I remember reding through the research at state once for you haha
He's an ecologist I believe 
But he works with all critters
that would makes sense
all critters
even white girls
sorry. sort of high.
Me too! High five?
Hahaha
haha
tell me what music to listen to
here's what I'm currently listeing to
I  have no real suggestions
but
https://www.facebook.com/ThingsBehindTheSunPA/app/204974879526524/
i am listening to this, RIGHT NOW
need dance music
ok
major lazer
like
there it is
well I think you know what you want
hahahahaha
I do
Thanks for respecting that
Youre a #truefriens
Nice
I am also
a trashmonster (nob break)
There it is 
How many SJW's do you think I can get with this ?
http://boingboing.net/2015/05/28/rickrolling-is-sexist-racist.html
You can already predict what happens.
Haaaa
Go for it
My sleepy time doe
night
have a good first day
BYE
Thanks bye :3
so how was today
Good, worked in the lab from noon to five
Class starts tomorrow for me
I'm excited!
wooo!!!
awesome
Yea! And I'm loving it :) been super productive recently 
That's awesome
Somehow I have 1200 Wii point 
So I came up with a research project that involves...autism
haha wait what
The Wii. Wii points. 
Tell me about the project 
So in my lab we play films and stuff and look at the brain areas involved in face recognition (FFA), object recognition (PHPA), and predicting and interpreting mental states and emotions (STS). I found all of these to be implicit in autism. I hypothesize that if we encode autistic subjects brains in an fMRI to scenes from a specific film we can use certain childrens movies as diagnostic tools for catching autism early on.
It just needs to be decoded.
Ohhhh shit
That's some next level stuff
I love it!
I'm gonna present the idea at my lab meeting tomorrow. I'm frightened
haha
also
THE WHITE LORD
They're gonna love it 
HAHAHAHAHAA
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
I WAS IN CLASS
FUCK YOU
Hahahahahahahaha
AND WHY DOES LEA THINK SHE'S PART OF OUR FRIENDSHIP
WHAT'S THAT ABOUT
LMAOOOOOOO
SHE NEEDS TO STOP
RIGHT
YOU'RE FINISHED.
RIGHT NOW
hahahahaha
LEA IS VOTED OUT
LIKE THAT SKIT ON THE AMANDA SHOW WHERE THEY ARE ALL TRAPPED IN THE CAR WITH JUDGE TRUDY
EXCEPT NOT REALLY
I JUST MISS THE AMANDA SHOW
My parents hated that show haha
Oh also can I have your Netflix again 
Pls
hahaha
amt22893@gmail.com

Imawsome1
Fanks boo :3
yaaas Gwen.
Two 2s?
2893
oops
Okay lol
Thankya
http://www.buzzfeed.com/ninamohan/22-tumblr-posts-that-will-speak-to-all-former-emo-kids?bffbmain&utm_term=4ldqpgp#4ldqpgp
preps.
Oh no hahaha 
OMG my bio prof from last semester is walking around showing everyone a vine of Sarah Palin speaking at the Trump endorsement
Hahahahaha
I CANT DEAL
HE LOOKS AT PALIN LIKS SHES NUTS
Yes hahahaha
Sitting in bio talking about convergent trait and the thought pops into my head that Charlie Kelly discovered how to make spiders talk to cats
And I almost lost it 
HAHAHA
i just read this
Right hahaha and I'm sitting in the front of lecture
Had to put my face on the desk
singin about talkin about thinkin about writing about what im doiiinnn
I don't know that song
it's andy
from parks and rec
singing randomly
Oh okay hahaha
oh how the turntables
HAHAHAHAHA
nan
It's going too far
like
HAHAHAHA
IT'S BASICALLY BEGGING
FOR SOMEONE TO COMMENT
'WE GET IT;
r u srs
Yea it needs to stop probably 
THIS IS SCIENCE TO ME NOW
this is serious business
SERIOU
I can't
I'm sorry
hahaha
but still
Also I realized that I've taken xanax long enough that I can't stop without having withdrawal
So then I don't sleep very well
welcome to my world
And then I pick fights with James 
If I miss a dose
myself
and everyone around me
is miserable
Yea its like a public safety hazard
Everyone will get the bitch face
dey will tho
I WILL STOMP A PUPPY
HAHA
I'm sorry I'll stop but dude I'm going to schedule a detox day, maybe Friday after school 
And I'm going to go all weekend without it 
And make it work 
it will be nightmarish
I've only been taking 1 mg a day
benzo withdrawal is the worst thing I've ever experienced in my life
that's not so bad
For about a week and a half 
Oh i know dude I've had severe withdrawal
This will be not too bad 
yaaah
I need to go to bed 
Possible class at 8
Hoping the cancel it 
is the weather bad?
Yes lol
it's prettty snowy here
I think there's a storm coming this weekend
Sorghum storm
*_*
I've got an English class to miss in the am
Trying to get into another class
yeah 8 am is early
id try and switch
I'm working on it
So get this
I explained to James that when I'm upset I just want him to say comforting things
He didn't understand that
So now he has taken to saying "babe"
Hahahahahaha
Babe
Yea babe
Okay babe
Michael Bae
Hahaha yesss
RutaBAEga
I'm so tired
then sleep
Goodnight moon
goodnight satan
<3
endl;
my love
so heres what happened today
i went and sat in my math 120 class
oh boy
i realized i hadnt learned enough in 119 to follow any of it
so im going to try retaking 119
So like
what are you going over? What is confusing you? just so I can confirm that you probably need to retake it
quadratic equations and factoring
its our review chapter
and i cant do the review
before you do anything
watch the kahn academy video on factoring, and the video on quadratic equations. If it doesn't help, retake the course.
im worried that i COULD learn it all, but to cram all of the stuff i should know in with the new stuff will take up so much time and cause a lot of stress where im just now trying to get some solid ground under me
and i need to bring my gpa up
ok
so retake the old course
and give it your best effort
this time
like
really try
thats what i want to do
internalize it all
do that
like actually learn it
i think that would be the best option.
i think so to
too
thank you for being supportive
it would also look good on your transcript to see that you redid a course and got a better grade
yes this is true
employers and grad schools love that shit
does a D in a math course even count as passing for a bio degree?
well
the math course itself wasn't even part of the bio degree. it was a prereq for the course that DOES count. so it's not in your bio gpa
oh youre right
but i need to know it front and back
BACK TO BACK
because if i dont
HAHAHA
you do
yeah
you'll be lost
i wont be able to keep up
i sat through math today and took notes and didnt even know what i was writing
knowing algebra very well will make chem a breeze when you have to take it
exactly
you can just do college algebra over the summer
who care
i want to be able to visualize the formulas
right
that's where you wanna be
omg thats genius!
yeah
so you aren't behind
when i have no other classes to worry about
by fall
you'll be in chem
yes  yes yes!
yep
I've been doing this a while. I'm a scheduling pro dawg
hahaha
yea you are!
oops better take my xaily danax
take eeem
ive decided
that
only my actions count in life
and if i spend all day worrying and plotting, im getting NOTHING done
so if xanax can help me DO things
it is good for now
eventually when i have a good foundation ill be able to handle withdrawal without my life crmbling around me too
duhh
of course
it's not bad to be on xanax for a little while
you are under immense stress
drugs are PRESCRIBED  for a rea
i know i just expect so much of myself
i want to be able to handle everything at once
like today as i realized i could retake that math course
i ALSO realized that i dont have to finish college in 4 years
and that was a physical burden off me
no you don't
haha
I am finishing in....
SIX
I got offered an interview for a job today from teach for america
lolololol
Oh Jesus haha
Yes go you Michael!!!
so im in james' room aline
he went to class
and im not sniffing through his stuff
this is what trust is
hahaha
we had that fight last night and i ended up telling him that i dont need his help. i just need his comfort
and he was like ugggh i cant do this anymore
and i said, thats all fine and good, but im not waiting around for you
called his bluff
we are actually perfect together
I can't even interpret this anymore like
this is like trying to read atlas shrugged
HAHAHA
YES
"Solid"
Also
I don't believe james read atlas shrugged the more that I think about it
I was re reading excperts
when i was in MA
Oh yea?
it's over 1000 pages for one. James doesn't care enough about anything to invest that sort of time. Also when talking to me he didn't cite any of the speech by fransesco which is like 70 pages and the backbone of the book.
also
the first part of that is crucial
HAHA
haha
I feel like
he just
doesn't care
hahaha
Yea its sitting on his desk
He really doesn't care
He just wants food and sex
He doesn't even watch the news
he's beast from beauty and the beast but in the form of a french painter-elf
OH GOD NO
NO
NO
yeah
hahaha
JESUS CHRIST
HAHA
ahhhhhhh god dammit 
think about it
the characteristics of the beast
it's all james
Oh god
you have to teach him to be human
Youre right 
Bahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
Holy shit 
Hahahahaha
I'm doing so well though 
We've concluded that
The sex that we have is like normal people having sex on ecstasy
The connection is so good 
Pretty sure he wants me to have his kid 
Which is actually something I'm down for as a woman 
oh my
well
no comment
lol
I know man its a weird subject 
it
it is
but we're big kids now
We are and its time to decide if I want to give me life up for another kid haha
"give me life up"
sorry
this is an adult conversation
HAHAHA
"I game me life up for me daughter pearl"
HAHAHAHAHA
IM CACKLING
HELP
HAHAAHA
James told me he used to go vape after comm just to talk to me 
And then he just sent me a text saying that he was vaping outside talking to a girl about class
So I told him he better not be vaping for other girls 
Jesus Christ hahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Srs
I will end him
it's her
But im not worried about it
yeah
nan
i wouldn't be
lol
I think he was trying to demonstrate a point to you
Hahahahahaha
nothing more
Yea I know I was messing with him 
I'm literally the best at being a girl so whatevs
What a coinkedink
I am VERY good at being a sloth
Hey sloth
You sloth
Such a sloth 
so
did I tell you
what Isaac said to me
when I was REALLY high
about his weird talent
that isn't a talent
you may laugh hard at this
Oh god go
Now blast
He looks
hahaHAHAHAHAHaha
he looks at me
and he says
"Michael"
and I was like what
and he was like
Hahahahaha
Oh god already laughing 
"I'm REALLY, REALLY, good, at swinging my arms around"
and I was like WHAT THE FUCK
and I fell over laughing
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I was like
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THAT ISNT A SKILL
AND HE SAYS
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"YOU HAVENT SEEN ME IN ACTION"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OH GOD
IN ACTION
AHHHHH
my response exactly
HAHAHAHAHA
So help me understand something 
Do you hate small rooms 
Like hate them
YES
SO MUCH
Okay well I think that's why I don't likes James room
My stomach gets upset
Being in here
It's so small
like james
he's like
a little elf prince
that paints
the room works for his lifetyle
I don't AGREE with that lifestlye
but I can't stop him
OMG I'm dying 
Oh god hahahahahahah
He is a little elf prince! 
HAHAHA
That paints...
What for it
HAHAHAHAHA
WAIT FOR IT
HAHAHA NO
HE PAINTS
LITTLE ELF PRINTS 
I CAYNT
HAHAHAHAHAHZHAHaf
sd
fJo
[SDj
gpoSDgn
DGS
nopDSGP
adgp
joADG
pojdgas
[joadfgjk
ad[sdofjsd
[ofj
[sdjf[opsfj
[s
GOD DAMN
FUCK YOU
PERFECT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HOW AM I SO CLEVER
HE IS A LITTLE ELF PRINCE THAT PAINTS LITTLE ELF PRINTS
I have to tell him thus
It's too funny to keep from him
IT IS
Hahahaha twitter god damn
god damn god damn
this country has gone to SHIT ever since my chemical romance broke up
It's true
I wasn't even being funny
TELL ME ITS NOT TRUE
I was speaking matter-of-fact
hahahahahahaha
Me too
God dammit
So a blizzard is about to hit
I'm about to be stuck in the little prince residence all weekend
Damn my word play is on POINT
the little prince
That movie was great
SILLY ASS
what if james came home wearing his mothers clothing and had anterograde amnesia forgetting who he was an assuming the role of the person's shoes hed been placed into
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHA
HABSODHWIXGSJA
HSBDISBSVS
Hahahahahaha
does james have a tattoo of an eagle
I sound like a tropical bird
Oh god
I feel like his mom might
FREE BYRD
HAHAHAHAHHHAHHAH
OMFG
OMFG
OMFG
OMFG
OMfg
Hahahahahahah
joke game on point today
It's so good 
We're killin it
I'm killin myself killin myself killin my killin my
and i will use these hands to do it
I pray that you and james will be touched by god. And things will work out. but god isn't real. I know this.
AAAYYEEAMGAAAWH
d
ayyee lmao
Ayyyyye lmao
nan
The bracelet you gave me broke and became tiny anal beads 
those won't do anything for me, if you're offering
(laugh now)
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Do you feel like
hello my name is mikel & i hate cats and dogs but love sex & vaping i am 17 years old and NOT a virgin but a teen
OMG hahahahahahaha
my new dating prof
Yaasss tween
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMFG
HAHAHAHAHA I DID IT
I WIN
YAYFOR HUNDER
James said I should have a show called Hunter and gatherers and its like antique road show 
Do you ever feel like
People leave you alone in their house
To observe you in their lair
Without their influence 
yes i do
like rn
i just made a sandwich
without bread
also
do you ever feel like
aliens
just listen
aliens
Hahahahahahaha
you are just a live television show that aliens watch and laugh at youre suffering.
wait
isn't that the concept of religion
lol
Oh god yes it is 
THIS ONE WILL DIE TODAY
*STEEPLE HANDS*
EW
That felt awful
STEEPLE HANDS
I hate when you say that
Hahahaha steeple
here is the church, here is the steeple, open your mouth, digest all the people
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I LOVE THAT
HAHAHAHAHAHA
it's gud
Im sitting in the living room because the bedroom is uncomfortable 
here is the tit, here is the temple, drink all the pus, after popping your pimple
sry
Oh god no
Ayyyyye lmao
Dr. patches paging dr. patches
we have a child listening to nickelback in the pediatric ward
remove his heart and lungs
code blue jeans
OH GOD HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I'm losing it 
he gon help u find it
no way
way
today
and only today
for three easy payments of 18
you will never have children
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YOU ARE A DAVID FIRTH ANIMATED SHORR 
oh my god
I AM
HOLY SHIT
nan
Gaping
gape with me
suzie lee
I took half a Xanax but I still feel like I'm detoxing 
Do I need more? 
erm yah
you don't break up 1mg XR
they operate differently pharmacologically
lol
Oh well okay lol
I always chew them 
you shouldn't
I don't like an extended release
lol
oh
I see
I want it to go away quicker
HAHAHA
I understand
In CAH AH AH AH AH AHLIFORNIA
you're finished.
I just found
Written notes on John snows character 
Oh god
....
um
So weird
So so weird
um
hahaha
"Jon's tell is a sad one"
Tell
TELL
HAHAHAHAHAHAAH
WHAT
He speaks like that
Remember
Accent
OHHHHHHHHHH
YES
He was talking about putting tile down the other day
bwahh
And I heard towel
And I sat there for a solid minute
And was like WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT 
is he at least good at swinging his arms around
thats the sign
Oh he's so good at it
The sign
Hahahahahahahha
i call it wegners sign
I'm not sure why
Oh god lolololol
WHAT IS WRONG WIT HME
James wants to install a rope over his bed
So that he can climb it
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAAHAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
IM NOT LYING
HE HAS SAID THIS MANY TIMES
WHILE LAYING ON HIS BACK
nan
AND GRASPING AT AIT
AIR
OHGOD HAHAHAHA
nan
james after bath time
nan
Oh no
I'm so sorry
So sorry
what is that
why
haha
"Grasping"
HAHAHAHAHA
That's what came up
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THATS THE RESULT
IT YIELDED
HAHAHAHAHA
Yes hahahahahahahHa
Yes hahahaha
nan
OMG these got notes
im so upset
Are theorues
He's writing down his theories 
Man they're really bull dozing there?
Founds notes on beetlejuicd
What
???
stop snooping
no
keep it up
I'm getting off.
I'll stop I'll stop
no
Hahahahahahahahahaha
this is funny
hahahahahah
Okay let me look around
Anything but the journal
Anything but the journal 
open it you pussy
Meanwhile that weird Michael guy from beckley is sending me photos of cranes
WHAT IF HE FINDS OUT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
WHAT
LIKE
THE BIRD
ALSO I WILL BE ENGULFED
OR THE
ANIMAL
WAIT
OR THE PIECE OF EQUIPMENT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The machine
Bahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahaha
the bird or the animal
I can't snoop anymore
I'm not the og I thought I was
I care too much/I'm too scared 
Deep in the earth's crust
Deep in the earth's crust
what
Deep in the earth's crust 
what
Say it out loud
Feel the power 
i literally said it out loud
and
*looked*
Lolololol
There is no one watching you
hahahhahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahha
I NEED REMINDING
I know you di
Do
My sweet earth crust
nan
Oh my
Grand picnic 
I just went through my entire purchase history on itunes
listened to his infernal majesty
HAHAHA
YES
I sang along
to
I'm watching got
"the wings of a butterfly"
WINGS IF A BUTTERFLY
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
CALLED IT
and THEN
Hahahahahaha
THE CRIMSON DOOR
where I hide
Remember when I bought you that dvd
omg
That gift was literally the most heartfelt thing I've ever given a person 
OMG
WHAT WAS THE DEAL THERE AGAIN
what happened?
something happened
Your mom
Thought I was the devil
ironic, I am the devil
wait
so
i gave it back?
or
Right
what?
Yes
She made you
what a shitty thing to do
she was brainwashed by the christian church
I think it's still in my moms house haha
She was
OMG
WE WATCHED IT TOGETHER
She's much better now hahaha
WITH YOUR MOM
We did
AND SHE SAID
SHE SAID
YES
WAIT
WAIT FOR IT
Yes
FAG
VILLE VALLO SMOKES CIGARETTES LIKE A *FAG* AND THEN SHE DID AN IMPRESSION OF HIM
YES
HOW DID YOU
so specific
HAHAHAHAHAHHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I think we zone in on the same stimuli
thats why we remember the same things
We do hahahahahaha
My god
I will never forget that 
she did this move
where she leaned up against the air like a wall
James doesn't know HIM
and pretended to smoke a cigarette
but really
gay-ly
wait
gaily is a word
but it means something else
i mean
gay-ly
Daily gay lees
Oh so get this
Im moving into a condo with lee
I dont know when 
But my parents are getting a loan
that's awesome
also
google
the palace of gold WV
and tell me
you dont wanna go there
Kay one sec
THATS IN WV
WHAT
YOURE JOKING
there is a small town
of people
I CANT EXPRESS TH8S ENOUGH
near wheeling
and they are all vegetarians
I think
WHAT
it's a hindi thing
yes
WGAT
WHAT
HAT
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Vrindaban,_West_Virginia
WHAT
nan
Youre fucking with me with 
nope
not at all
I have to live there
I know
hahaha
I have to go interact with humans
But I will research that more
For sure
i know you will
i've been saving this all day
for you
Thank you child
Good night
goodnight
 I'm trapped in a house with an insane person and pink Floyd
Send help
nan
I did make cado eggs though 
And when he calls he calls for me and not for you 
I'm drunk
Lana babe
Hi
tell me if I am a bad person
Go
I'm experimenting with data mining and I'm using my roommates as test subjects. I have not told them.
HAHA YES
GO
TEAM
BLAST
go now freshblast trashmonster
That's trashMONSTER to you
i didn't know how to articulate that
hahahaha
Listening to system of a down
Hot
#yes
About 8 shots in worth of mixed drinks 
Send me prayers 
#praying4YOU #kony2012
Hahahaha
Youre SO FUNNT
FUNT
FUNTCASE
James says all he listened to in Kuwait was system of a down and 
Lady gaga
Little elf prints
Little elf prince confirmed 
Little elf prints found 
No




ass ass ass ass ass
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ad as s d s a s as sass ass as ass assa a sas
talkin bout two girls, bisexual, they was tryin things, trisexual
HAHA
God
They tried to build a prison 
Another prison system 
Another prison system 
what
Make it stop
SOAD
so much political shit 
you deserve to be a champion.
Why is that
I dont know
I just wanted to say that 
But u do fam 
Thank you I love you
My dreams tweets were good this morning 
Good
mine were bizarre
Tweet yer dreams
#dreamtweet
You did
I enjoyed it
I'm almost done with season 2
WHITEWALKERS ARE SO COOOOOL
OMG
YEP
Bobby lights gonna do you right
Hahaha haha!!!!!!
YES
Hey where are our YouTube videos 
https://www.youtube.com/user/hunterarmy1
i dont want ANYONE TO SEE THESE VIDEOS
EVER
GOD DAMIT HAHAHA
RIGHT
I wamna download them
yea i can download the ones that dont make me cringw
No
All
All
Do it for shrek 
i do it
I know it hurts
for shrek
But we did it for him
we made nick and martin fight
like
what
why
what is wrong with us
we are monsters 
im crying laughing in the corner
I caught isaac in some SERIOUS manipulation 
Got him to admit to it 
It was deeeeep
tell me
tellll meeeee
Further than we go
hold on
firstly
im trying to not show james these videos
and hes like
DONT
you were just a kid
its okay
NO
we all did crazy stuff when we were kids
and im like
NO
NO
NO
NO
That wasnt that long ago for us 
NO
Srsly
I KNOW
HAHAHAHA
go with your story though
He argues with this guy on facebook who always dismisses him
And is insane
So
He shares this photo the guy posts
Its about how people think pit bulls are meaj
Mean
Annndd
He provided a comment
Illustrating the logic of their last argument as applied to something he likes
To dismantle it 

Make him argue against himself
i mean
thats like
not THAT manipulative
it is but
weve seen worse cases
Noc weve seen worse cases in terms of outcome
He did it to make someone realise the error of their ways
Like
It can be used for good 
Sighs 
i can be used for good hahaha
so listen
do you have any of those videos
that arent connected to the channel
I have none of them
Dammit download some
And send them to me
So he can't access the channel
I am in the lab
Tied up for a bit 
Oh okay mister big lab helper
Today i color coded keys so
Yea hahaha
That's how my lab work goes
I don't start real work till later this week 
Event sequencing 
Whatever that is
Ive been helpijg with the vaping study
That's so awesome haha
I'm excited to see
nan
When you see it
hahahahahaaha
"no"
No
i cant believe im getting a condo
like michael scoot
scoot
i finally made it
Lets check out the master bedroom
Hahahaha
This neighborhood is very accepting of all lifestyles
(Its very gay friendly)
I hope they're lizard friendly
My Reptile passion has started again
It's burning inside my every cell
Every atom is screaming GECKOS
I just imagined all your geckos dancing to hotline bling
OMG they do in my head
Them boys up to somethin
They dancin
The true test of my love
Is if you buy me reptiles
I will keep trying 
Until I find that man 
hi
Hey
whats up
what
our conversations never start like this
usually it begins with ranting on one end
no they dont im VERY tired
ocing off xanax
coming
boo
trying to do homework
do that
yea lol
thank you
nan
FRaCtALs
Hahahaha yes
cool though. They found fractals and multi fractals in all of these famous books
everything is numbers
Literally everything 
Like
Patterns
Shapes
Codes
movements
tiles
spindles
aka mister make it rain on them hos
What haha
weezy
spoken word poetry
Oh no its too early for that
Hahahaha
dude
i like
googled cannibal corpse
how are they allowed to exist
they have a song called necropedophile about raping dead kids
at the very least that's intent
I'm upset by this
Hahaha! Yea dude they're like rappers and drugs but murderers
"I was once a man before I transformed
into this molester, freshly deceased children"
how the FUCK is this okay to say
I mean free speech and all
but there's no way that corpsegrinder hasn't violated at least 1 sleeping virgin with a utensil
Yes, I just learned that the singers name is corpsegrinder
I love kale
Yes his name is corpsegrinder.  The guy in metalocalypse is based off him. 
Nathan explosion
I'm making kale eggs
For breaky
I had my first exam today
on gregorian chanting
I contemplated suicide in the middle
HAHAHAHHA
WHAT
Gregorian chanting
Why
it's the first of three course on the first 2100 years of western music
we started at 0 common era
ZERO
Bahhaha my god
THERE WERENT NOTES BACK THEN
NO NOTES
Jesus
yes
they loved jesus
no notes
and lots of jesus
Just ethereal chanting 
Like fever ray
no lie
yes.
Last night I dreamed
oh no
(That somebody loved me)
Actually
That James decided to spend thousands of dollars on a Reptile collection and let me breed them
And I hated it
There were too many
He was off working or something 
Which he doesn't even work
And there were so many weird animals
The one he liked most was a like mantoid leopard gecko
was it a menagerie
Yes
Good.
Yes it was
Hahahahaha
I slept ten hours last night and it was great
I slept for some
Also we got Molly from Martin the other day
I know
Hahahahaha
You hot potatoed me
I inadvertently played hot potato at you
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
DYING
HELP
Hahahahahahahahaha
I was making out with James like balls deep in some emotional bs
And that shit came on
James was PISSED
he didn't say anything but like
I think he wanted to kill you
YAAAAAAAAAAS
HE KNO
it me
I was just like
"MIKEL"
hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahahahahahaha
I don't do it often
because
if I do
it will lose it's value
It has to be like
Right exactly 
occasionally
It still shocks me
HAHAHAHHAHA
I may pick another song
I was thinking
the next time you're listening to chill music, which I assume means your with james
Normally yes
I may start playing the heaters bassnectar remix
OMG YESYESYESYES
I PLAYED THAT IN THE CAR THE NEXT MORNING
FIRST SONG
you would have to drop EVERYTHING
and start DANCING
DUDE
ME TOOOOO
ON THE WAY TO CLASS
Yes I would bahahahaha
WE GOT HEATERRRSHEAHEATERRRA
EE EEE EE EEEEEEE
dop dooop
God I love that
it's my second favorite dance jam
Man I need to shower and get ready for class but it feels like someone punched my gut
#girlproblems
Also
females be like
The other day
Bahahaha
I thought I was maybe pregnant 
So James went to rite aid and bought two bottles of liquor and a pregnancy test 
dude don't even start. Lea has been bitching about that for a week and I want to abort every child that's about to be born because I don't give a FUCK about pregnancy anymore fuckkkk man
OMFG
OMFG
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHA
So James went to rite aid and bought two bottles of liquor and a pregnancy test
He told the cashier 
HELP
That the gin was for after
I almost punched him
He said
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
This happened while we were on meth
We have to redo this one
THIS STORY
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
IS BANANAS
BONKERS, EVEN
wait
I think it's worthy of a laugh
do you remember that weird show on toon disney from the 90s called bonkers
Pink alien?
What was the pink alien show
the one that tries to take over earth
?
No
then i derno
The cute pink one with spots
It was like
On the little kid Disney show
the iron giant
No but that's a great film
I have a confession 
I would rather live in Portland than LA
don't tell anyone
Me too duh
James wants to move to LA and I don't think i could do it
Wrong climate
the people there eat their fish WILD caught. LA is so polluted and full of skinny white bitches sipping lattes and dressing up their gay friends in CONCURRENCE with people who want to "make it in the film industry"
no THANK you
HAHAHA THANK YOU
youre spot on
Like no
bitch noooo
I don't even know why it matters to James, he just sits inside anyway
He never goes anywhere
like
Except to drive his Jeep in mud
what does he think will happen if he moves to LA
life will be better
Hahahahahahahaha
it's not like he wants a cool job out there
He says he loved living there 
he has no reasoning
He loves the climate 
He likes that you don't see people you know when you go to the store
I don't know but if he wanted to go I'd have to stay
That's not my dream
I already moved to a new city once with a dude
Ended horribly 
I move on MY TERMS
...........
MY TERMS
can dance reference
Candace hahaha
Hahahahahahaha
Dude
Theres this restaurant 
I wish you were here
Its like
UNF
Its chipotle style but with healthy protein rich Asian food 
Whaaaat
Im finna go there rn
That sounds amazing 
Yes
Baha
I sort of resent your cat for letting my gecko escape
The one I never found
Was my favorite gecko ever
It's frustrated me
nan
Good
Shes a little shit
Wallace is the good one
Scout is a menace 
Yea scout is
The tramp
So I told you I'm moving in with my brother right
In a few weeks
To an apartment style condo 
You did indeed
I can't comprehend that it's happening 
Really I cannot
Honestly its a bit shocking 
That its falling into place 
So well
Because u no
Our lives
Right exactly 
And I won't be even be broke
I can afford to live there with the help of my parents 
I'll pay them when I get large sums from school
Monthly ill pay 50 dollars
Oh man
Oh man
Thats cheap
I know dude 
THE SMASHING PUMPKINS ARE IN COLUMBUS APRIL 2ND DUDE
WHATWHATWHATWHAT
HOW MUCH ARE TICKETS
NOW
TELL ME NOW
LOOK IT UP IM GOING TO A THING RN
Dammit I'm helping James with his economics math
Haha
I took microeconomics
Its multiplication and addition
Hehe
nan
My violin prof is into "energy"
OMG yesyesyes
Correcting leas grammar 
you da best
you my go to
<333
< 3
I'm so sick
not like ne-yo
I'm like dying
and I blame Obama
the quality of the air
the quality of the water
cats
dogs
people who don't vampire cough
Whay in the fuck
I love you
It's gonna be okay
*coughs into hands*
I had to miss everything today
I haven't been sick since I was 19
Not even kidding
not for more than6 hours
like I'm legit sick
WHAT IS THIS
KEVIN FROM THE OFFICE LOOKS LIKE TED CRUZ
NOTHING MAKES SENSE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OMG HW DOES
look at my twitter
tha almagamated their faces
anyway
okay I will lololol
So I'm gonna do a rep show at the school 
And donate all proceeds
That's awesome!!!
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT SORT OF SECURITY CLEARANCE
I have to ask for it first
But they're gonna let me 
I knownit 
especially if you mention donation
Oh yea for sure
It'll be huge
I'm so excited
sell the duchess scout at the show
Help ground me 
I'm in the car with my moms
She's making me angry
oh no
By talking
what is she speaking 0f
"Aren't you tired of wearing the same clothes "
OH GOD
She's such an archetype
"I offered to get you some clothes so you should say please"
"I didn't ask you for anything mom"
oh but you did
she'll make i seem like yo udid
"I told you I want Geckos and you said clothes"
Fuck her
Geckos for lifw
#G4L
Yolo
Yogo
y-all-o
Yogurt
matt: "Yogret"
HAHAHAHA I SAY YOGRET
matt did as a kid
BECAUSE OF PEOPLE WHO SAY RHAT
so did I
he still does
so did I 
Matt is hilarious
James finally met him
Bahahaha
YES
Matt is king
He's so happy
What's he doing lately?
Gym, I guess kmart
Not taking care of kratos
HAHA
sorry
Gave kratos to my lab manager
It's all good
it sort of annoys me
and here's why
we know what to expect from matt
so we don't invest large sums of money in his interests
they aren't static
yet this ONE time
my mom is like
HAVE A *MILLION* LIVING BREATHING ANIMALS
HAHAHAHAHAHA
why onthe most potentially dangerous hobby
did she indulge him
HAHAHAHAHA
NOTHING ELSE
Because I'm an enabler
LOLOLOL
That's why
so am I
I think I saw the volume of my moms investment in this hobby
and was like
"yes a permanent thing for matt"
failing to take his personality into account
Right hahaha. I was excited for him too
any other schizophrenic that stands at 6'6 and has a life goal of being a box stocker at kmart we would have been like HELL TO THE NO
Why does drake like chicken fingers so much
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
GOOD Q
HAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAA
omg
GQ
#GQ
when I was a kid I thought pearl from spongebob was an anthropomorphic hammer
OMG she looks like one
Kidgoals
#kSqUaD
Finally got to tell out my twitter name in lecture
HAHAHA
HOW WAS THAT
Satisfying
SO SATISFYING
nan
I'm gonna lose it
CRAB RAND
WHY ARE YOU MONITORING CRABS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
WHATS HAPPENING
I started talking about crabs today and now everything is crabs
So you could say
dont
dont say it
We're crab people now
NO
HAHAHAHAHA
FUCK OFF
Help me
nan
HAHAHAHA
I BOUGHT CRABS FOR THE LAB
LAB CRABS
CRABS LAB
YOU CUD SAIII
say it like it's spelled, bitch
SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH ME
HELP
I'm in math giggling violently 
TEHAW
focus thine energi3z unto f(x)
http://nymag.com/thecut/2016/02/model-vapes-runway-general-idea.html?mid=twitter_cut
Noooo
Math time bye
Third night in a row I've had a Diplo dream
I don't have recurring people in dreams 
What does this mean
Also Alec baldwin
Watching GOT fifth season can't talk
Hahaha
Sweet
Hi friene
nan
i saw
oh
i saw
I SAW
Bahahahahaha
i can't unsee [4chan 2012 speak]
I miss 4chan
And fuck reddir
T
So I did a thing
Tell me if this was a good call
I asked James why he isnt with his ex now 
yikes
i dunno
gauge his reponse
then determine if it was
It seems like it was okay. She has four kids by three dudes. 
And apparently serious relationship issues 
oh god
oh no
Right
I feel like the four kids thing is a solid reason 
Little reminders of dudes who came inside your girlfriend
I'm sorry that was too much
Hahahahahahaga
came
HAHAHA
CAME
the thought of that visceral process
HE CAME
Ew no gross
Make it stop
Humans are gross
not the orgasm itself
I like lizards
the product
THEY ARE
lizards aren't gross
I have to be careful not to be too antihumanist in a relationship
Shit gets dark fast
And it ends up being like
"Yea out of all the scum on this planet I guess I tolerate you most at this moment"
HAHAHAHAHAHAA
Real problems 
James is like
A human
He likes girls
And some dudes I'm pretty sure
At least he's said he finds some guys attractive, which was good of him to admit, seeing as we all basically operate like that
right
Out of everyone on GOT
I think the hound may be the most attractive
Tbh
4 reals
The cabinet of Dr caligari
Ramsey Bolton just reminded me of Isaac 
Had to let you know hahaha
In the name of robb stark 
Or something
I havent seen that in years
Haha
Hahaha
nan
Don't you love having cystic acne and your significant other is like hurrrr what happened to your face
KILL ME 
I know
I know bb
God dammit normally my face isn't this bad
But it got bad recently 
Ask a doc about acutane
Honestly
Short term
Nooooo
Its a miracle drug 
Never dude 
How does it work
Poison
Basically
Right haha
But every drug you take is poison and you arent even prescribed a lot of them. So arguable who cares if it's just for a little bit?
Best argument I got 
Lololol
I can fix it with strict care
Teue
But I haven't been at home enough 
But the dedication
Haha
And the air is dry
And hormones
It's just lije
A nightmare on my chin
Hahahahaha
It'll go away but dammit its annoying
I want to wear a mask
James said "you need to stop messing with it"
A nightmare on my chin
I HAVENT BEEN
Sounds like a Stephen king novel
HAHAHA
Lolol
way to make light
I do what i do 
Remember when Baja blast was a thing
yaa
...s
Kw
Ee
Ee
N
Kweeeen
nan
hahaha
Dr patches
just did my taxes
getting a lot more back this year
thank god
Good!
I came home to an 1800 dollar pell grant check
Surprise 
Lololol
yummmm
MMMMmMMMMMmm!!!!
Doing Molly again
Ate it with yogurt 
Wml
Wish me luck
luck wished bruh
A few minutes ago I said
Thank you based god
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
Right 
Blast from the past 
blast from the strudel
eating from asian chipotle again. Lettuce, corn, lean chicken, brown rice, black beans, sriracha, the works
i am in love
hunter
in love with a restaraunt
HAHA
hunder
I'm glad that you're enjoying yourself 
And eating yummy foodz
NEW YONCE VID AND IM JAMMIN
ITS A DANCE JAM
Yonce
hunder
Mukel
so like
Ikel
ikelem
ayaiii ammmm
ike
LARRY DAVID\
I have something for you bebe
nan
no
4ubebe
<3
vomits
hahahahaha
Hahaha yea my reaction too
I hate that he likes bernie sanders
I hate bernie sanders.
Hahahahahahaha
he ruined my favorite book
I just can't stomach him anymore
with his likely reductionist and pitiful understanding of the literary themes
and now this
DOES HE LOVE BOYISH LOOKING MEN THAT ARE SHORTER THAN HE IS TOO
DOES HE LIKE WAFFLES
i can't either
Yes hahaha he does
I want to unfriend him but I don't want him to message me asking why 
no
keep me updated
on what he does
so I can mentally get off on the anger
you know what i mean
Yes I know haha
He mistook Kali for shiva the other day
And I was like...no you dummy
HEHAW
And he's like hurrrr my bad I'm ridiculous lolol
stupid
He's an idiot
And can't laugh at himself
Which makes it worse
that's the worst kind of idiot
idiot, category: not self aware
can that be our new thing
something, category: something else
like
your my bestfriend, category: forever
I'm leas bestfriend, category: token gay
my favorite food is sushi, category: cheap and foreign
HAHAHA
I like sriracha, category: hot sauce 
I like this
Me too, category: agreements
HAHAAHAHHAHAHAHA
This is great
I like this, category: our repartee
This is never ending, category: stating facts 
Category, category: category
you can make sense of that, btw
Yes hahahaha
solid
Thank you
Bows
for my hair
Thanks friend
So we just realized the super bowl is happeninh
Got some game of thrones ale
HAHA
Making some syrup chicken and sweet potatoes
GOT ale 
James finally bought a bottle of sriracha. He's never tasted it.
Took him long enough to come around
yummmmmmm
It's about to blow his mind
I had a mix of yum yum sauce and sriracha the other day
It blew my mind
my mind has a blowout
like a gauge
Yummmmm
A gauge hahahaha
"a" gauge
watch the video i just shared
Is it the Larry David Bernie Sanders
yah
Because I just watched that
lol
it's good
larry david is so good
jesus
I love him
I CANT BELIEVE YOU JUST TOLD ME TO WATCH THAT
I JUST WATCHED IT 
i compelled isaac to watch curb your enthusiasm last night
ESP
ENERGY BEAMS
MOON
Yah dude hahahahaha
powers, category: best friends
Laughter, category: burritos
so guess who I reconnected with
HAHAHA
Tell me
burritos
Joel
JOEL
THE FUCK
he just messaged me
HAHAHAHAHA
out of nowhere
I knew iy
Saw him commenting on your stuff
i mean it's obvious he interacted with me on my post
but yeah
it was weird
haha
he like had to drop out of school, got addicted to heroin, now is clean apparently, idk
seems like kind of a mess
but it's nice talking to old friends
Yea I saw him working at tm
It is nice
He was a mess
yeah he lives in buckhannon now I guess
idk
but we talked about jeremy shanklin
remember when there was a weird triad friendship
between jeremy, myself, and him
when we were friends with you
haha
Yea fuck that noise. I am the token feminine force. Not Joel.
Exactly.
and I am hungry, category: Lea has a car and won't take me to the store so I have to eat garbage
wow much repression
Repression? Haha
Screw lea
With a knifecock
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAhA
KNIFECOCK
KNIFE
COCK
KNIFECOCK
COCKKNIFE
I think is the word
but i like KNIFECOCK
better
I love it
I keep having Sunny dreams 
Like episodes of sunny that I live in
I loved your paul rudd dream
Thank you. I need to always treat my dreams 
treat
Hahaha yes
Treat
Here you go
Let me fall into the scorched earth and have the maggots and worms take me.
Yep that's what I'm saying 
There's a chance that's the last Josh laugh/gag you'll ever have
So SAVOR IT
WHAT
I don't talk to him anymore
Good
Right he's gross
Got me out of mikes
Thank jesus
But not good as a person in my life
Food for thought
The dom in any relationship is the one who can do long division 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
OH MY
I'm guessing you can do long division
Well yea
Duh
I just found it a funny musing
That I would say to no one
But u
catagory: that's SO us
sub category: that's SO vape pen
I'm too tired for this, category: things I'm too tired for 
kewl XXXDDDD
Haha <333
hehaw
family freud: a show where we get an uptight white family to admit their deepest sexual repression on live television
they all have turtle necks
and they all want to fuck each other
Hahahaha
I'd watch it
Great idea mikel
watch the movie salo
Okay
with james.
I will
don't look it up.
What
Why
Lololol
hahahaha
ok
What
Okay
Yeeea
What
Okay
fine
it's a cinematic adaptation of 120 days of sodom
so
oops
my b
Looooooool
That's awesome
But its my bed time
Night night child fright
goodnight, category:
whatever
bye
<3
nan
HAHA YES
Trump is k2
Obvi lolol
So dude this morning I bought 
Some uncut coke
Yah
And it looks like snow
I thought it was snow hahaha
Lmfso
I've never seen anything like it 
Thats amazing
And that Molly the other night dude
Like
We ate it with yogurt
Half an hour later it hit us both at the same time
James was in the other room
And he's like OH GOD
and I'm like YEP THIS SHIT IS NUTS
and I start hyperventilating
And he's like, its okay, its scary but just accept it 
And I did and then it was awesome 
James described it as the feeling of accepting death 
Thats gay
You all are so gay
Accept death 
That's what it felt like dude
And he had to hold it together so I didn't freak out
I don't care what's wrong with him, if a person can do that for me I appreciate it
 People that live underground deserve trans rights
(Translucent)
Oh my lord 
You like that?
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Ya like it dontcha
Snitches 
everquest
looking at your old myspace
Omg
Omg
you have PYT on your playlist
lots of placebo
joy division
Link me
Lololol
https://myspace.com/modd_est
all of your photos are just everquest screencaps
I'm so excited thank you for this gift 
I lied
I know her
I bet hes lying
Shea gorgeous, young, and super smart, and had a kid 
Omg his dream 
Wait
nan
So I'm going to chicago
For the tinley show
17th-21st
coool
awesome
Leaving from Columbus 
Could I crash witchoo the night before the flight and night after?
um DUH
Woooo!
March btw
Not feb
so that's my spring break. I may be here. I may not. IF by chance I come home, I'll just give you my keys
because, I'll just be in charleston anyway
haha
Baha well okay
but yeah
That works too :)
ill likely be here
anyway
haha
Thank youuuu
Youre da best
This isn't fun anymore
I hope he dies
Also
she went to school to study music
then was wreckless
had a baby
KEPT IT
HAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
and left school senior year
so STFU
Wowowow
Looool
yeah
That's hilarious
it is.
like bitch
an abortion ago you could have been talking about music on a graduate level
now you look stupid
and josh knows NOTHING about music
if she thinks he does
they deserve each other
lol
Yea anyone who tells Josh hes at graduate level anything is automatically autistic and I hate them 
oh god
haaha
what r u doin up
studyin music at grad school
Just got done fine watching James dance for hours
To marilyn manson
Drunk
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Told him he needed to turn it off
HOW DO YOU DANCE TO THAT
Hahahahahahahahagaga
I FEEL LIKE IT'S MORE OF A
You dont
SLITHER
HAHAHAHAHAGA
IT WAS
IM DYING
HELP
like
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
it looked ceremonial
IT DOES
he's the drunkest I've ever seen
It's crazy
did corpses start coming out of the earth when he danced
Bed time friend. Wish me luck. 
Punk fkird now
Floyd
If course
oh god
Wish me luck
lol
Seriously
post hence
Hahahahahahaha
luck
yes
bye
Night 
nan
Will you bae my valenfine
OMG YES
Luh you
nan
nan
I'm the best
i just started listening to you're not alone by saosin and thinking about everyone who has betrayed me
HAHAHA
I just had sex and told James having a penis is easy
LMFAO
To which he responded
OMG
OH NO
Wait for it
NO
"Let me go fight off bears at the mouth of the cave while you stay here and sleep with the children"
"Have you seen my spear?"
he was joking around right
lol
Yea I mean mostly 
I think
MOSTLY
WHICH PART
OH GOD
HAHAHAHAHA
NOOOOOOO
the thing he does
Hahahahahaha
where we don't know if he jokes
or not
Right it puts me on edge
He started sarcastically yelling at Bernie on youtube
And I broke out in a sweat
Didn't know what to do
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahahahahaga
Hahahahahahahahahaga
ayn rand
The communication gap is there
it so is
lol
this is a long project
HAHAHA
PLEASE
HAHAHAHA
document all of it
learn
and adapt next time
you will master reltionships
We are documenting it
And I am adapting 
OMFG
WE ARE
I am mastering
That's why it's going so well
I've been staying with him for like two wreks
Weeks
Hahahahahaga
yeah my mom said she hasn't seen you in a minute
hahaha
but yeah
everything we say
is logged
we can review it
we can  search his name
in anything
It's too cold to stay in the attic 
But yes
This is a file
it's like the 30 rock where liz keeps a journal
and stops all the bad stuff
This IS our running file
because people are predictable
from last year
Not our Google docs
This is it
Oh god
For years
Years Michael
Yrs
Lolol
I got a fitbit
nan
See
OMG
Lololol
It's purple
And my new best friebd
Second to you of course
Still can't track my emotional and mental states
lol
our conversations
But I gotta go 2 bed
My friend
And my new best friebd

Second to you of course

Still can't track my emotional and mental states
ok
well
Hahahahaha
ttyl rusty spn
<3
Hunter sent a link.
This is insane 
WHAT
Yea I'm dumbfounded hahaha
like
so cool
but what a dangerous idea
SO DANGEROUS
ITS DANGEROUS BUT I DO IT FOR THE HIGH
Said everyone who has ever done a drug
Hahahaha
bold move
I can't wait to see you next month
I am SO excited
Hahahaha
GIDDY even!
I am doing something
I'm bringing back the punky emo aesthetic
Yaaaaas
I got my hair cut in a serious fringe. Like sides and back are super short and I have a fringe I can put in my mouth
step 1
done
I've got the piercing thing covered
I'm gonna start wearing more band t shirts from the 90s
OMG YES I LOVE YOU
I've been wanting to get my hair cut
Haven't done it doe
you should
I have like a better version of my hairdo from 7th grde
I look like I was thrown out of greenday in 1996
Hahahahahahaha
Billie Joe on heroin
Hahahahahaha
LOL
that senator
who is like
"first id like to say this"
and blows the weakest ass cloud ive ever seen
Right
HAHAHAHAHA
like
cool man
HAHAHAHAHAAHA
you just started vaping yesterday
Right
Like
He seems like a hardcore drug addict
I wasn't vaped yesterday
or something
I know better
HAHAHHA
HAHAHAH
VAPEd
Yew
So tomorrow is valentines
i wasn't vaped yesterday.
it is
and idk what to do
Got planz?
WHATS APPROPRIATE
Ask him what he wants to do 
And do that
I printed out a card
Awwww gooby pepe
with bernie sanders pointing that says "you make me as hard as it is to live in this economy"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
yep
DID YOU COME UP WITH THAT
i went the silly route
like
YES
usually I do the whole emotional appeal
but thats tired
I love that 
My card for James says
Let's watch game of thrones and kiss
Hahahagagagahagag
It's not here yet though so idk
Etsy 
I made him a birthday card
nan
YES
YEP
that makes me happy 
brilliant
hahah
So I did this thing 
oh boy
I'm so romantic 
I made a SCROLL
WHAT
And painted "happy name day" i n it
And sealed it with wax and an "H" for my name 
Like real sealing wax
And I'm gonna put it in a tea chest i bought him 
That I'll fill with a set of Tazo tea
I've got it all. Just waiting for his birthday hahaha
The gift is more a gift to my ego than anything 
But whatever 
I know that feeling
I like doing all out gifts
Like yea I give the best gifts 
to inflate myself
Youre like you know me
establish my worth
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
likr
*lucky
*your mom/mygrandmas voice* "LOOK AT ALL I HAVE DONE FOR YOU"
OMG no
yep
Pls no
Hahahahhhahahahahahahahaga
Oh god
Hhahahahahahagagaga
LOOK AT IT
BITCH LOOK
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
BEHOLD
I'm dying
THE MAJESTY
THAT IS MY CREATIVITY
OF MY WORTH
AND *LOVE*
I LOVE YOU
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
DONT YOU SEE THAT
I LOVE YOU 
HOW DO YOU NOT SEE THAT
NOW DIE
Hahahahahahahaha
AFTER WHAT I'VE DONE
NOW OPEN THE CASKET
AND PUT YOUR BRAIN INSIDE
AND LEAVE YOUR BODY ON THE FLOOR
HAHAHAHAHAAAAHAAHAAHAA
BECAUSE I OWN YOOUR USELESS SHELL NOW
AND YOUR EGO IS GONE
Gawd
"Gawd"
Don't you hate that
"Gawd"
almost as much as
gewd
AIAAAIIIIIIAAMMMMMGAAAAAHHHD
-hyai-hyam-h-gawd
hy
hy
hy
my fitbit says
Youre making me manic
Hahahahahahaha
HAHAHA
See
isaacs friend from north carolina thinks I'm clinically depressed, and misinterprets my nihilism
so he always shares
these
RIDICULOUS puns
to my wall
nan
You are sort of depressed my child 
The nihilism is a defense
#sorrynotsorry
I'm neither nihilist or depressed
Im just #woke#
HAHAHAHAHAHA
damn it
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH
but
in any case
no I'm no a nihilist
I know
Youre in school
Obviously not a nihi
A neeeheeeee
dont
jhahahahahahahahahahaha
A NEEEHEEEE
Hahahahahahahaha
NEEEEEEEEEHEEEEEEEEE
SON OF A MOTHER FUCKING COCK ASS BITCH CUNT
NEHEEE
A NEHEE
NEEEHEEEEEEE
in the voice of an excited spongeob
NEEEHEEEE
So I'm sitting alone laughing to myself 
HHAHAHAH
Thankfully
me too
Alone
James is in the "kitchen" with his "cousin"
And she's female and 21
And I feel this weird territorial thing 
Also she's not blood related to him 
So like I WILL EAT YOUR SOUL
they are giving each other little kisses and giggling "I hope SHE doesn't catch us"
*kickflip and nae naes out of kitchen*
(just illustrating nothing is happening)
HAJAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAH
LITTLE KISSES HAHAGAHAHAHAHAGAGA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGAGAHAHAGAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
RIGHT
IM DYINF HELP
little kiss
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
do u need a little kiss
OH GOD THEYRE GONNA HEAR ME
HAHAHHAHA
IM THE CRAZY ONE
THEY WILL KNOW
OH NO
"THEY KNOW"
AND THEY WILL HAVE TO STOP GIVING LTL KSES
they know
DO U WANNA WATCH THE LAND BEFORE TIME, THEY SAY
Mikel
ONLY TO PLAN
They know
A SPECIAL CUDDLING
STOP
ok
hahahaha
HAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I CANT
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA
I have to go read
Jesus help me
Michael "thereisnogod" Terranova
A special cuddling
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Youre KILLING me
Hahahahahahahahaahaha
Eli "LovesGokuForever" Massey
God no
tell me you weren't thinking tht
I've ubfriended all of that
lovesgokuforever
Them
Not that
Hahahahahahaahha
i fuck with him
a lot
Nah son
He's like
He cray
POST A COLOR THAT DOESN'T HAVE THE LETTER E IN IT
i was like
potato
HAHAHAHAA
GO LISTEN TO HAYWYRE
I'm gonna rrad
Read
Rad reading
Ok
Okay I'm done
real rad reading that reels you in realistically recreating riots with righteous Realestate ragnarok
There we go
I wish i had a valentine 
Or a leslie knope
I'll be your Valentine :) 
A galentines day
Your galentine 
You are as a bio imperative my galentine
Yes of course
My boyfriend(?) Is just being his normal mystical self 
Hahahaha
I talked to kaitlin jordan ok
I aaid5
Looooool
Said
Joe i heard does these things
HAHAHAHAHA
YES
YES
She could confirm everything but the ass wiping, though she was suspicious 
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
what did you mention
Tell me
Like
Magic
Mind reading
Dmt addiction
Ect
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahaha
Did you know
He has a dui
Oh no
From getting pulled over on mxe
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
He had to go to traffic court
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Dying omg
I did too
When I found out
Apparently he had burned stuff all over his face
From smoking jt
LIKE A COAL MINER
does he have COPD too
doe he have to redeem tokens in an MXE town for food instead of money
HAHAHAHA
I'm singing an acoustic version of summertime sadness
Yes
that i what i want to be doing
i am sad
and i love lana del bae
also
in tudying gregorian chants
the song that she sings
uh uh uhhh uhhh uhh uh uh uh uhhh uh uh uh uh uhhhh
has the same form as a 12th century motet
just saying
she's an innovator
That's pretty cool b
I gotta go make guac
I love you
SEE ME MAKIN GUAC RIGHT NOW
ok
It's so funny that you said forever and ever amen because
hahahahaha
why
nan
I use it all the time hahahahahaha
we are the same person
We lit'rally are
last night
I watched waynes world
and rob lowe said literally
a lot
and i had to explain
that in parks and rec
it is likely an omage
I didn't know that
Thats so funny
Hahahahaha
Thank you
watch any other movie with rob lowe
I think he says it slightly often
the only other one I can think of is st elmos fire
and I dont really remember it
Okay hahaha
So last night I had to listen to death cab
I don't like them 
They're so saf
Sad
i like
come so close to tears
when I hear them
I saw them live
and creid
creeeeeid
Wow haha
James associates them with old nostalgia 
And sitting here like
i got hot sauce in my bag, swag
I wasn't around for these feels
yeah
a lot o feels
Eli -19 - love - daddy to my baby girl stella due in august - grateful - metaphysics
metaphysics
Omg
Whqt
Non
NO
yep
metaphysics
daddi
19
omg
sea weasle
He and Joe are the #elementalweaselclan
what
That's what they is
yehs
Is it normal to hate your SO
your what
Like you feel they are annoying and stupid. 
So
omg
Sig oth
omg
i know now
i can't believe you just used like
an internet mom code
SO
I did
Hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
BUT YES
Hahahahahaha
NORML
i do that with my DC all of the time
He tricked me into making the guac
He was supposed to make it 
why did you then
He's fiddling with his stereo settinfs
hsntyl
Has been for two dats
Days
...?
Honestly
Hahaha
what does that even mean?
like
He got a huge sub
I know what it MEANS
but
I know
And he's trying to make the sound PERFECT
but like trying to find the perfect setting
yep
Yes
ok
Perfect
Hahahahahahaha
I'm like
You wasp
Be happy with your systen
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
he'l never find it unless he smoke a cig through is butthole && dips his fingers in yum yum sauce and goes to the pound
I'm mean
HAHAHAHHAA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I'm gonna start using double ampersands
because you do that in programming
Please do
and it looks cooler
Ampamp
Winamp
DUB AMP THE NEWEST IN HYDRATION ENERGY EXPERIENCE GO BLAST NOWWWW BLAST GOOOOOOOOO TEEN#
Hahahahahahahaha
Guac like an egyptian
We all throw in an a spice, mom throws the cod in the oven, the whole squad eats right. #socialism
OMG looooopopppl
My god hahahahahaha
GUAC LIKE AN EGYPTIAN
I just imagined
Tell me
like
Ramses
with guac
SPEWING
out of every hole in his face
jumping into the nile
praying to ra
for help
I'm laughing quietly 
and this is ALL INSCRIBED
I imagined Ramses bolton
HAHAHAHA
With guac
Spewing
From his face
HEHE
HAHAH
HEHAW
ME MAW
10/10 would get raped by
oh god
hahahahaha
no
hahahaha
Hahahaahahahahhaha
I'm sorry but I feel like
I've always imagined
If I got raped
I would be like
This is hot
Not a rape anymore
I am into rape stuff
I am not ashamed to admit this
nan
HAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
GOTU
NEXT TIME
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
ON SHAME. THAT. KINK.
WE GO AFTER BONDAGE
im waiting for James to ask why I'm giggling
FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS OERVERTS
I love rape stuff
*sprays crowd*
me too
honestly
I NEED A GOD SO WILL YOU TAKE CONTROL OF ME 
no one will indulge it though
RIGHT
OMG
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
O
M
G
OMG
Wow
yes
Our relationships
Wow
are fucked
Wow
isaac won't indulge this
because
Holy shit hahahaha
"he could never hurt me" because I'm "me"
bull shit
Omg
Looooool
Wtf
Why
Most people aren't violent animals like us 
Pussies
pussies
Srsly
Tho
They are
Oh so
oh so
James was never in the infantry 
He's color blind 
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
WHAT
did yo ulike
Yes
figure this out
or did he tell you
He told me last night 
He had to take a civilian job out of basic
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
FOR COLORBLINDNESS
IM SORRY
I AM SORRY
YES
HE HAD THIS LIKE
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAH
IMAGE OF A WAR TORN SOLDIER
YEE
IN OUR HEADS
YES
I LOVE THIS INFORMATION
OUR PERCEPTION
WAS TOTALLY WRONG
he #subverted it
WHEN I REALIZED THUS
I WAS LIKE
OH SHIT
"You're a liar"
lol
HES A NORMAL PERSON
YEP
Wow
Hahahahahaha
so what happened to his back???
He hurt it in basic
From running
dude
i would tell a lie also
no shaming here
i would lie hard
What lie
He never lied
We assumed
um
Hahahahahahaha
he STRONGLY
led us to believe
implicitly
he didn't have to say anything
lie of ommissssioooonnnnn
Yeeeeea
Youre right
I wanted to ask
And I'm going to eventually
So
he knows it's too uncomfortable
that yo uwouldn't
You've never killed anyone 
he probably hasn't
No I doubt he has
He was a civilian 
HAHAHAHA
like when would have he
That's so funnt
Right
in his civilian cellar
He was never in combat 
where he keeps his civilians
that his killed
And he says 
as a civilian
He has dreams of being in battle
But like
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Those are fantasies
WHY WOULD HE
OMFG
Fantasy
FANTASMS AND NOT A THING MORE
Yep
And he told me last night that he's stopped having those dreams
I remember when he used to be like
because his dreams are actually about somthing else
When I would tell him sweet dreams 
He would say
My dreams are always the same
Fire fights 
But that's crazy
oh my god
that's likely nto a lie
but again
without allthe info
leads you to assume he was in combat
lmfao
Yes
I'm saying all of thus
With him three feet from me
I'm a bad person 
idc
udc
Eh
wdc
Youre my favorite so
Whatever 
yaaas
I find him incredibly attractive though 
So there's that
Like mmmmm be an emotionless killer again pks
That's hawt
i know what you mean
but no one we meet ACTUALLY is
A "god"
we just make them dance
Yes hahahaha
We have this image of like
An all powerful being 
And it doesn't exist 
nope
If people had ANY idea the credit we are willing to give people
Hahahahahahaga
LMFAO
RIGHTTTTT
We truly are
The nicest people
In the world
Even if we are secretly mean
and at the
yes
And at the
Yes
hahahahaha
Um I tried to send you a valentine
HAHAHAHAHAHAAH
HAHAHAHAHAHA
nan
Secretly I am a squirrel
how do you do this
OMFG
Can u click it
yes
and it unwraps
Click the valentine icon
And then type
Like this
I love this
Hahahahahaha
i dont have one
On the right
Above the send button
On my phone
nope
lies
What
No way
not for me
u special
Patches will give you the gift of your operation 
I just crylaughed
i loved that so much
Hahahahahahahaha
I know
it's like pleasurepain
I kind of want to make a patches comic strip
OMG
YAAASS
THAT
THAt
ATHh'oihiorgjpgjr
wkg
why not thought 0f b4
I saw deadpool last night
And I was like
I want to make a comic
Dr Patches, doctor of the starsystem
Get it
dr. horatio patches
YES
Hahahahaha
He will be a military man but have an eye patch
A deep voice
a #milman
Surgical precision 
with#DV
and an #EYEp
Hahahahahaha
he's got #SurgPrecBruh
All of these things 
Is he a calico
Yes he js
HAHAHA
I miss you so much
I want to cry
me too
plus today sucks anyway
because as much as we joke
i am alone
and that sucks
Right I am emotionally alone hahahaha
Today we are celebrating his mom's birthday
Which is Tuesday
-____-
does he at least acknowledge today
i mean
what the
the grossness of it
but still
what it is
PRESIDENT JAMES REFUSES TO EVEN USE THE WORD FOR WHAT IT IS THATS GOING ON
what's going on
i called the mayor i said WHATS GOING ON
and we have to figure out
what is is that is going on
Hahahahaha
This morning he turned his PC on and goes
"Oh! Happy valentines day"
That's it
Hahahahaha
I want to go to a bar and go home with like someone that i could only land with alcohol
and then send a picture of us fucking to isaac because he didn't give me validation eventhough we aren't dating
Awwwww
I'm crazy
Youre not crazt
You want to own him
Nothing wrong with that
no
I want him to want me to
that's insane.
like how we elect leaders to make decisions for us, feeling so free and liberated, even though if you think about it, why would we want another person to make our decisions? trust them?
like
the illusion of desire and pleasure
liberation
Yes
It's silly
And this why I know James will never want me likebi want him
likebi
Because be doesn't want someone else tobrule him
He gets it 
he doesn't
yep
Hahahahaha
I GET it
And still chose slavery
yep
the only way to break that freudian desire is to become a desiring production machine
Masochism at its most existential 
you are describing a real concept
Yes I know hahahaha
hahahaha
I am working in the desiring machine thing 
basically the agreed upon solution is being a philosophical schizophrenic
still working on what that means exactly
hahahahaha
What hahahahaga
yeah
Solution to what
Oh
So like
wanting what is bad for us
Buy into certain things
like
slavery
And see others for what they are
breaking with plane of reality
yes
seeing in many colors
as opposed to one or two
like
OH
enslavement is not good for me
but I have convicned myself it is
oops
perception vs actuality
Yes
I live this life
I ain't new to thus
I'm true to this
James mom just walked in the room, drinking a vodka and redbull
And said "how old are you"
"22"
"Oh my gosh! Jimmy's ten years older than you!"
Hahahahaha
This life is not worth living if I can't be with yew
If you ignore me I will kill you 
Sorry babe
I statted drinking 
A lot
I need to be blacklisted
I habe an issue
I'm having a margarita 
Mmmm with the fam
YUM
With fam
I'm trying to manage my social anxiety 
Its hard 
I feel psychosexual impulses towards everyone 
Me too
Makes me want to lock myself away
Even teens
Ajd old people
Even teens yes
HAHAHA
Hahahahahha
Especiallt teens
Good god
hahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahaha
I love teen guys 
Like 17 to 18
I love teen girls
Whoops
They are perfect 
HAHA
Hahahahahahaga
Yep
I'm dying 
Teens
I will call the doc patches 
Remove the sex brain 
Sex brain
Remove it
Hahaha
Fyi
We should live together as adults 
These fuckboys are tempo
Our love is forever 
nan
Ate half a cupcake, breaking a sweat 
What the heck 
At a friends
So drunk
I just played a violent game of charades for two hours
Been drunknall day
God
Make sure you drink plenty o water
I went out
And
I needex to
Hunter missed your call.
I'm with *mixed company*
Meaning james
I didjt mean to
Jordan lorea looks homeless
Isnt he
Hes metal
Homelessnis metal
Is smash but like
Throw him out after
Metal
Medil
Medilcation
hunder
Yes
im so drumk
and having an exisential crisis
idk what to do
It's okay
I like
i d k
Life is great if you find things to do
I had fun today
but what I reallyt wanted
is
..well
un attinablt
I know
unattainble
Did you talk to him
About it
everything is just a buffer
what do i saay
You have to be direct or suffer this forever 
Say what you feel
say what you meeeaaaaan
but
i think i want tosuffer
or do i think iwant to
i think that i want to
im a slave to ecpectation
i hate the idea of it
but i  have them
and there's no denying that
You have to speak to him and convey that you need things 
You want to but are afraid 
Because you don't want to deal with loss
I cant
I just had a 30 min convo
about how I have no expectations of myself
and idon't
lower the bar
the better
i can never dissapoint
That's a bad way to be. Don't be afraid to fail. Set reasonable expectations
James is making me listen to fdr and Reagan speeches
Fdr yes
Not regan 
nan
Mom and I reported them to the IRS and they shut down 
that's funny
but dude
like
why
what's the point
haha
it was gonna happen
Because they're dicks and I hate them
i bet
hm
EAT MY VENGEANCE ITS TOTES KETO
*not sweet at all
nan
nan
I'm on a real meme kick atm
OMG
nan
This one got me
he got asthma
I'm not even trying to be quiet anymore I can't contain my lauffs
nan
Hahahahahaha
Memes are the only known cure for generalized anxiety disorder 
Fyi
nan
omfg
nan
nan
nan
Yer welcum
My boyfriend looks and sounds like kid Rock 
OMG
Also McCauley caulkin 
According to a gas station cashier 
He goes "people say I look like kid Rock"
And I go, I don't see it, kid Rock looks like McCauley caulkin with long hair
...oh
Hahaha hahaha
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=876883902408967&substory_index=0&id=351411594956203
Please
nan
Category: memes I like
OMFG
Hahahahahaha
nan
I'm sorry I just need someone to enjoy these with me
WHAT 
WHAT IS THAT 
Hahahaha
nan
Jesus
Laugh with me
Please
Fuck that mess. 
Self satisfaction 
LOO
L
nan
Same
The god one
I cant stop ze lefs
Hlp
I laughed so hard
It has anxiety
Hahahahahahaha
I have never seen a thin person drinking diet coke
is trump real
like
is he the ultimate collective delusion
Hahahahahaha
Trump
I took three tests today
Did super well
Even on math
I'm so happy
I took a music theory exam today
ehh
hahahahaha
but fantastic
that feels god
My brain is like
I did a hard day's work
me too
meeee tooo
nan
i cant even pretend i get that
hahahaha
i mean the context and format yes
but some of the jokes
what
It's Ryan gosling from drive 
OMFG
OMFG
HOLY SHIT
IT IS
Hahahahahahahaha
That's why I sent it
Check this
CEREAL
nan
ok
Unicorn kid
heHAWHAHAHAheHAW
OMG
HEHAW
DONKE SYNDROME
HEHAW
Hehawhehaw
Donkey brains
send me dank memes
Done
nan
HEH
nan
HAHAHA
nan
YAS
nan
NOOOOO
Hahahaahahahah
i cant sleep
i have fallen back into nihilism
Oh god stop it hahahaha
not even depression
i thought too much
Am I going to have to stop sending you funny me mes?
and bad things happened
may mays
Yes may mays
i knew someone
who said that
Me too
Sabbah in highschool
in ach ess
OMG
LOL
She said it once in home room
And I pointed at her and laughed
And then so did everyone else
Michael basille
Ryan besky
My fam
"I pointed at her and laughed"
STALIN
that's not dank
Let's go see major lazer
ok
We'll do it
Fur sure
So
James has all but straight up said it before but tonight he told me wants me to have his kid 
"When I'm closer to graduation"
This is deep
ew
hahahahaha
that is deep
i can't take adult issues seriously
lol
hahaha
have my baby, you cunt
or eat my shorts!
fag!
HAHAHAHAHA
MY GOD
Yea I feel you
lately ive loved the word cunt
Cunt is a great word
there are so many cunts
I want a baby but like
I also am selfish
haaha
i mean
And don't want to sacrifice my lifestyle
i think he's really jumping the gun
tbh
like
you don't plan for that shit like
I mean he wants me to be his forever 
"oh like after graduation"
it's just like
He's in a dream world
he's counting down?
YEAH
that
it seems like that
He is the perfect man and I am his perfect lady
HAHA
We will have a perfect child
EXACTLY
It will be a libertarian pro drugs child
He will listen to podcasts in his crib
he will have LONG hair
&& fingernails
HAHAHAHA
YEA
I'm cackling in your big empty house
and marry a bigfoot
I watched a bigfoot documentary
okay
get this
the guy is describing his "encounter"
Go
I'm already laughing
Hahahaha
and he syas
Hahahahahahaha
Go
Now
Blast
i heard EEM, just a, just a, chargin. I heard step, stop, step ,stop, foot by foot. (he then imitates the sound of stoping feet by beating his chest) and then he goes "it slowly went away, like these things  do" (he then does the beating  again, but like gets softer to demonstrate what happened) the camera transition following, is HORRIBLE
Hahahahaha
That's so bad
dude i loved it
i LOVE trash film and documentary
like it's literally so poorly produced
and they had a guy
omg
his credential
was PhD, cryptozoology
i looked it up
that's not a thing
HAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
that's hilarious
If it were I'd be studying it 
best thing is
I KNOW
i saw that
and was like
"hunter would"
ole nessy
mothman
the guy from ancient aliens hair
ancient aliens
People here are fascinated by mothman
like it's' so like meh in wv
because we know it
but here it's like WOW THATS SO COOL
UR FROM WV WHERE MOTHMAN IS
im like
(to the two people who have said this)
"yes."
Hahahaha yes dude
Mothman isn't a huge thing for us
But for every nerd out there it's huge
IT IS
it's like
if we went to kansas
and were like
HAVE U SEEN THE LIGHTS
AT NIGHT
IN DA SKY
HAHAHAHAHA
ALIENZ
they don care
they know its just gods gay angels
dancing about
Omgggg
Hahahahahahahaha
Aliens are just gods gay angels dancing about
Synchronized swimming in space
OMFG
YEP
I have misplaced hitler
She was roaming about
oh my
And must have fallen asleep
oh man
She does this
oh man oh man
It's a game we play
HAHAHA
it's a game we play
Hahahahagahaha
where she just goes somewhere
and you're like
"where did she go"
good times man
Hahahahahahahaha
Yes
That's the game
Have you played before?
yes
it's called
something changed
i play it with all sorts of things
people
animals
matter
beams of energy
Touch
I have to sleep
Lab say tom
Day
kbi
nan
Hahahaha!
I nutted into the void
the rain called me gay
New workaholics on prime wire
Check it out
Can we do a Google hangouts video and put it on youtube
Like a podcast
all i want to do is go outside
and do something
and all i saac wants to do
is lay in bed
on facebook
Go outside
Tell him "I want to enjoy this weather. You should join me"
I don't want to go outside with lea
And go outside 
I'm going for a ride in the Jeep!
Wooooo!
Rednecks
jeepin
I likes your sisters post
Liked
Officially drunk and high on a swamp at the top of a mountain with like thirty people
so jealous
no lie
There's country music
nop
nop
A bon fire
Like 12 vehicles
are there witches
wait
wrong movie
nvm
There are witches
There is a full moon
Along with stars 
when u out howlin with ur squad @ nite
Ivw been in the woods since 3
James was howling 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
We're mudding 
In jeeps and ATVs
The leader Jeep got stuck in this big ass hole
We've gotta get through it when they're out
Still doing this
Parking every once in awhile to drink and dance 
This is crazy
I feel like I've never experienced anything similar to this 
I feel like I've never experienced anything similar to this
Did I mention in incredibly bored 
Don't ignore me peasant 
I
Idk
Srunk as f
I'm going to murder you
Hahahahaha
I'm drunk too iz okay
Please do
Have maralyn manson masturbate over my grave
I miss you
Im really thinking about coming home
Im so miserable 
Well don't quit schools
School
But I do miss you
My girl my girl don't lie to me tell me where did you sleep last night 
In the pines in the pines where the sun don't ever shine 
Something something something 
Something about shivering
Lol
I shiverrr the whole night through
Idfk
I believe 
YES
Yep
Hahahaha
How's stuff going in cbus?
Eh
Idk
Getting worse 
Ig
How? Seems like you're doing better
I dont wanna type it out
Its now awful 
Just
Its not importsnt enough 
Right I understand that
I'm in a similar place with my relationship
I don't feel respected
I feel used
Right
That's the shit I don't like
Child actors
Can't live with em can't recast em 
I have given new patd a chance
So good
SO GOOD
Omg really
I didn't know there was any
Listen rn to death of a bachelor 
Omfg
OMFG
Its so fresh 
I will when I get in my car
Fresh 2 death
That song forst5
Hahaha
F2d
Okay I'll listen to that one firstest
I likes it
My car doesn't handle the bass very well
i likes it too
So I feel like we need to connect today
I don't know why
Yesterday was eight hours of mud and madness and I was traumatized 
I realized while in the Jeep that I was being traumatized
During the experience
oh wow
traumatized?
I got home and was shaking, hadn't eaten in 8 hours
James drank all the water
I was surviving on RumChata and sparkling wine 
We nearly slid off the hill several times
Got stuck a billion times, had to keep getting pulled out
Tires filled with mud and lost traction 
James' cousin John looked at me at one point and was like, are you okay Hunter? Do you want a valium?
Hahahahaha
Dude in front of me at school food place
"Kanye bruhh that's my food"
DUDE
NOT FOOD
HAHAHAHAHA
BUT THATS FUNNIER
I had to pee in the woods michael
TWICE
VALIUM
OMFG
Yea
That was my day yesterday
And he didn't even do anything extra nice to make up for jt
Which I'm pissed about
oh wow
that's lame dude
but srry like i still cant get over teh valium thing
the fuck
It was hilarious
And a kid goes
"Ive got klonopin"
It was so funny I forced my exhausted body to laugh 
I've been listening to Mac miller
He is inspirational to me 
I KNOW
hahaha
Chris listened to him in VB
For some reason in VB I felt like I had mad swagger
My hustle was serious
I had no safety net haha
hustle was serious
I'm standing at the counter in a vape store being ignored
For like ten minutes
I hate this
tell them
"Hey, watch this"
and blow an insane cloud that manipulates spacetime and goes inside their mouths and pulls out food they've eaten that day
HAHAHAHA
STOMACH VAPE GO
I laughed as I typed that
for way too long
pulls out the food they've eaten that day
Yea that was pretty funny I admit
I'm updating my vape equipment
Just saw Ian jessee
where
Walking down quarrier
I had a nightmare about Chris last night
I had to sleep with him naked and we were in the process of moving and it was terror 
OH GOD
Because I ran into an old gay coworker from TM at Kroger last night and he was telling me he always knew Chris was gay
He kept saying "if it walks like a duck"
Hahahaha
And him talking about Chris made me have nightmares
He said he always said things to him that were really inappropriate
CHRIS DID?
Yes
That's what the old kween told me
Hunter Armstead to Michael Terranova
February 22, 2009 at 1:51pm  
i just checked and there are still messages and stuff. and dont text me. long story.

Hunter Armstead to Michael Terranova
February 22, 2009 at 9:28am  
michael i need you to take care of my myspace. and if i have any unread messages, dont delete them.
lol
Oh man
Thats
Rough
I thought I did well on my math test
I was wrong
that's the lamest feeling
I failed
Thought I'd get a c
like how badly? less than 50%?
Yes
48
tutoring?
 I'm too anxious 
My stomach is a mess
I feel like I'm spiraling
Maybe STEM isn't for me 
everyone says that
you're just studying the wrong way. You need to go to office hours, or get a tutor. Like I can't think of a person i nstem who hasn't been in this position
this isn't news
Everyone doesn't take math 119 twice
I'm retaking basic statistics
whatever
ya win some ya lose some
I guess so
don't let one thing get you down
just
try and find new ways to solve the problem
I want to cry
then cry
I don't want to go to tutoring
I'm already at school every day
you aren't a stem major if you don't cry about your work
Way more than anyone else
if yo udon't you may end up in the same position
like
if a tutor
can help you figure out what exactly isnt'y clicking
you may only need one or two sessions
Right
I know
But I'm like
Oh I have a small break in my schedule
I could go to tutoring 
Or i could eat lunch
well tutoring isn't forever
a week or two without a break is okay
you'll get your break back
you can eat lunch during tutoring
they'd udnerstand
just don't let small things defeat you
I feel like a leper
Like
I'm injured
Don't get near me
I don't want help
I want to lick my wounds
Also I might be getting sick 
ahh
that isn't helpful
Either that or my anxiety is really baf
Bad
sounds like anxiety
yo uare typing ferociously
It started last night 
When I went home
No one was there
I couldn't focus on anything
Not even Sunny
Not even new Sunny
I felt like I needed to be doing something else
It's the worst feeling ever
My bones are shaking
sounds likr you're having some sort of existential crisis. My only advice...it will end. I have one every few days.
I'm cold 
that's anxiety
bad bad bad bad
anxiety
Lump in my throat 
Yea
It always hits me when I'm alone
This is why I stay with james
Everything in your attic was comfortable
But being alone is unbearable
At the same time I am critical of myself for not being able to be alone
Like it's not okay that I need someone around 
yep
im in the same boat
i have no easy fix
just
distractions
focus
like
The distractions aren't working anymore
find a little tiny thing to obsess over for the day
My fitbit helps
I wake up only to see how I've slept
Is that good
would you be asking if you didn't know the answer
Hahaha
I want to leave this class
I can't learn right now
I feel baf
Bad
Why do I have anxiety right now, I've been doing so well
Seriously
It's got to be something I ate
Yesterday maybe 
My resting HR is 82-84
I feel like I'm unhealthy
you may have eaten something bad
Im sitting down and its at 90 bpm
that's a good explanation
I just want to be with James and his family 
But actually I want to be alone and focus on myself 
But I'm too anxious to focus on myself
Feel like I can't get a full breath
John sent me klonipin instead of Xanax again but I think he may have done it on purpose. I asked from my Xanax refill and he emailed me and said he sent klonipin 
Do you ask for the meds in inconsistent ways? He often literally just forgets. He may not have even read the email just saw you, refill, and associated klonopin. either way, is here any sort of weird pattern of you asking for the refills? idk
seems like a classi john overlook
if he was making a change
he would deliberately and bluntly tell you why
No, I always say the same thing, I am very specific and to the point 
And emailed again and asked if he could send the Xanax but I haven't heard back 
I need to stop taking it though 
So I might just stop requesting it
I do pretty well without it but if I have it I know I will want to take it
I identify with hip hop culture
Because I was treated like a slave as a child 
Also I'm literally the best girlfriend
nan
I identify with hip hop culture
Because I was treated like a slave as a child
I identify with hip hop culture
Because I was treated like a slave as a child
I am not okay
help
Hahahaha
What
What's happening 
It has not been easy for me
I started off in brooklyn
at the new york pizza academy
the most prestigious academy of its kind in m y  day
I began working
slaving even
over hot cheese
fresh calzones
and my father
yes he did give me a small loan of cheddar
HAHAHAHA
god
What even
You
It's James birthday and we're having a family din
that's hot.
And
His mom is whipping and nae naeing
NO
WHAT
Yes
She's wonderful
And drunk
watch me watch me
James is about to lose it
Hahahahaha
 This is hilarious
nan
nan
I'm dying help
ofmg
hahahahahahhahahahahah
beess fonreo[gjmn[t
i can't like the photo you posted
because i don't get it yet
is it just like
sad dogs
There's no joke
HAHAHHHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
It's a vape joke with no context 
THATS THE JOKE
OMG
Yes
HAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAA
Hahahahaha
PROTOJOKE
nan
please GOD look through these NOW https://twitter.com/NonsensPosts
YES HAHAHAHA
i miss the old disney
Me when I was 13
OMFG
the "who did this"
and it's a laundry basket
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
NO JOKE IS BEST JOKE
Thank you for existing 
Youre my reason to live
I am your pube shirt 
Please vet the reference 
Christ hahaha
No I don't get the reference 
Hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Jeebus
Birthday songs
When it gets to the name part
We went to sing
James mom says play Happy by "ferrell"
So she sang happy birthday OVER happy
What
Is she a queer or something 
She's drunk and ridiculous 
It was fuckinf hilarious
Thats like hahahahaha
What even
It was cringe
So cringe
*white girl cant evens*
LAAAATEEEEEESSSS (in shrek voice)
Like he didn't get a real birthday song
She just played Happy for no reason
And danced
What
The
Duck
Hahahaha
Thats son weird 
Son
SON
nan
Omg
nan
The vape king one
Thats pure gold
Dankest of the dank
A++
nan
HAHAHAHAHA
nan
Bush did it
nan
nan
Awh
nan
YES
nan
HAHAHAHA
Memes are keeping me from my family I need help
nan
nan
please tell me
you have seen
DAMN DANIEL
No lol
hold on please
hold on
please GOD
https://twitter.com/josholzz/status/699432086965366784?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
watch this 30 sec clip
it changed my life
Okay
I'm not sure I can right now, fam is watching walking dead
Okay that was weird
Hahahahaha
James was nervously laughing not seeing the video but hearing the audio 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
back at it again with the white vans
DAMN! daniel
Damn daniel
The white vans 
nan
Damn 
Back at it abain
With 9 eleven 
nan
NO
HAHAHAHAHA
nan
Wtf hahahahahhaha
nan
nan
thats my ritual
Hahahaha
nan
nan
YES
WONDERFUL
HOT
HOT
HOT
nan
DYING
I got chaotic evil
i mean
wait
HAHAHAHAHA
nan
what fucked ass thread are yo ufollowing
what is this
what ARE YOU
THE DEATH OF A BACHELOR
LETTING THE WATER FALL
(falsetto thing)
nan
This head wrap
We've been looking at it for an hour
Talking about how trippy it is
James looked up the design origins
ANCIENT MESOPOTAMIA
WHAT
WHAT
i know what you're doing
you're doing
conspiracy and chill
that's our thing you bitch
Hahahaha no we never do this I promise!
mesopotamia?
It just happened!
I swear
THATS SOUNDS
REALLY
Yes ancient Mesopotamia
conspiratorial
HM
It's so fucking trippy
are you going to kroger afterwards?
do you love him?
You can see shapes and colors
No I promise
Never
hahahahahaha
Youre the only one for my illuminati eyes
YES
YES QUEEN.

4 u 
That's a ghost
"Boo"
nan
OMG hahahaha
watch it spin
*drops bass*
there's a nice EDM remix of the damn daniel thing btw
So at dinner earlier the 19 year old niece was talking about the "dab" being a new dance, and she was throwing her hands up and doing the dab thing 
And I'm like laughing my ass off
No one understands why I'm laughing 
I explain it to James when they leave 
I love urban hillbillies
the dan
omfg
dab
the dan
lol
Hahahaha
Dabiel
let's all to the charleston
nan
Me rn
nan
i am losing it
Good
Lose yourself to the music the moment you own it you better never let it go
I have it set to autosave every photo you send
I have over 30 memes from you.
YES
MYMEMES
MY DANK MEMES
nan
had that one locked and loaded
I just now saved it thinking I,may one day,need it
And I did
it has not always been easy for me
I started off on 4chan
my father gave me a link to a small thread on reddit
and now here we are
My goodness
Started from the bottom of the thread now we here
started from the bottom && now we are here;
dude
what
ok
so I'm drunk, first of all
what if
I started speaking using only programming syntax
like
printf(Hello Hunter Dank Memes);
cout << "Yes, I like dank memes; {
bool=true}
cout << "I don't like dank memes;" {
bool=false }
MEMES
MEMES
I would not understand
No speak pc
Durrr
I miss avacadas
Buy some
no.
Y
i will
I recently referred to icing as sauve
sauce
to illustrate that it's gross
am I wrong in doing this
Sugar sauce
YES
THATS WHAT IT IS
I thought everyone called it that
this is ohio. They call soda "pahhp"
nan
SON OF A
nan
look at what i tagged you in
nan
it is.
nan
is that ham
Yes
nan
nan
hella
nan
nine....eleven
nan
are you made of memes
such a high volume
like television on 99
where these come from
I can't tell it's a secret
nan
back at it again with the white vans
Daaamn danyell
Damn daniel
Daaamn daniel
Daaamn Daniel 
I just saw a video of a woman shoving her leg up a man's ass
And I also puked
mMMMm
I was like
Damn Daniel 
https://www.facebook.com/michael.2893/posts/10208997584443319?notif_t=like
I saw this hahahaga
nan
Yes thank you sharing that with me I saw it and thought of you
I dont like that youre ahead of me, category: meme race
I showed u that page thot
What page lol
Chris the Simpsons artist
I believe you
Haha
:3
:3
:3
:4
:3
:5
:7
Watch Southbound
ok
I have a surprise for you
I'm not telling you what it is obviously
but I couldn't restrict that much
Made by the people who did VHS
SO ITS GREAT
tell me
you would hate me if I told you before it happened.
the wait is worth it
TRUST me
Happened
What
HAHAHAHA
What are you talking about
the most vague word possible
THE OFFICE IS COMING BACK AND THEY TOLD YOU AND NOT ME
just check the mail at my house
you'll be getting something
and i dont want anyone else opening it
it's not like a block of gold
but i like
i HAD TO
Ohhh okay! How long will it be?
within a week
so no more than 7 days
No one ever sends me things in the mail! I'm so excited!
oh this is like mail times ten
get ready
I don't even know what to do
Should I wave my arms around
That's what I'm going to do
Isaac is really good at that
did I tell you
when he said
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
"I'm really good at
hjahahahahaha
HAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAAHAHA
YES
HAHAHA
I just asked him about it
and he smugly looked at me
and  said
"Yes, I am good at that"
like it's not even a joke
hahahaha
haha
hah
ah
a
hah
ah
ah
ah
I'm so excited
I'm literally smiling like a frrak
ggoodd
"I live by this principle. If a letter is doubled in a word, double EVERY letter!"
What hahahah
I am not doing well mentally
just indulge me
Go
Sorry I'm distracted slightly 
Playing a game called how long until my boyfriend breaks up with me for saying DAAAMN DANIEL when he's trying to have sex with me
OMfG
Right I'm hilarious 
should I try that on all friends
DAMN DANIEL
DAMNNN
BACK AT IT AGAIN
WITH THE BRIGHT HANDS
Today in class a girl said "if Hunter doesn't know, none of us do"
michael thereisnogod trapanoda
OMG
same time
Hahahahahaha
Yes
That happened
wow
hunna
wow
Also some kid just said "damn Daniel" in class
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
And everyone started doing ut
Including me
Daaamn daniel
Back at it again with the white vaaans
Last night James said to me 
How easy would it be for your faith in me to be shaken again 
And I was like
......
.......
"What?"
Hahahahaha
He had to stumble over himself to repeat it and I'm like, no I get what you're saying
I think he might be moving into a monster house with his brothers family 
And I see him asking me to move in with him or something 
Maybe
I'm excited about the condo tho
Yeah lets stick with the condo  fkr now hahaaj
Right lol
I think stuff with James is great 
And slowly he is compromising more and more
Right
So no big changes
Being more romantic and close
Right
He's great but until he confesses his love for me, imma put it on ice bitch, docta peppa
Chillin in the freezer when I'm unda pressa
Diplo x riff raff <3
I'm in love with our TA
He is a farmer from nepal
I love my music history TA
srsly
"we should get married, we should get married"
Hahaha
Yea I know the feels
do you ever want to what I call
disney marry someone
like
not really marry
but like
as if yo uwere both classic disney cartoons
Yes
All the tine
We played Disney charades on James moms birthday
And likw
I knew every one
I never knew I had such a vast Disney knowledge 
I was like
Damn daniel
I'm sorry I'm going to make this not funny anymore hahaha
The other Hunter just brought a bearded dragon to lecture and some kid goes "damn Daniel" hahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
I am waiting for the opportunity 
God dammit hahahahaha
Daaam danyell
Back at it again
With the white vaaaaans
We at it again
We outchea again
I'm excited for the surprise
Gonna go home today and look 
OH YES.
I almost forgot
Damn Daniel 
I can't wait
Imma go home and check after lecture 
Damn daniel
Pretty sure I figured out what it is
I'm not gonna ask tho
Because i want to be surprised
you don't know
lol
Hmmm i don't know I might
Have you ever mentioned it
Answer or don't 
i hcve never mentioned it
Well damn daniel
I'm not sure theb
Then
well
hint
it's a thing i've mentioned before
but
this specifically
i've never mentioned
that actually makes sense.
But you have mentioned it
In a sense; I have mentioned "it" but have not mentioned "this"
Dammit. 
Haha
Alright I won't pester you about it
But I'm excited
Likw
Damn daniel
Like I said, intelligence is mankind"s critical flaw.
Like I said, intelligence is mankind"s critical flaw.
Like I said, intelligence is mankind"s critical flaw.
Dude was in my comm class last semester. Had a Portal 2 backpack and did a speech on dragons that he forgot to put on notecards and almost had a panic attack.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
also
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAa
Yes hahahaha
Did the rest of that Molly last night
how was that
Mixed it in almond milk and drank it out of our game of thrones coffee mugs hahaha
It was awesome 
Less intense than last time
god
thats so gay.
We just laid in bed hugging like "I love you so much oh my god I love you"
Hahahahahaha
No music or sex just cuddling and looooove
oh my god
SO
GAY
GOD
STOP
I AM VOMITTING
YOURE GAY
YOU
R
GAY
o ok well we didn't have to go there but whatever
Hahahahahahaha
sorry
I'm sorry hahahahahaha
that was al lbait
I wanted you to say that
Did u
"i know"
U ass
yes
so I could act offended
Wanna go see if my mail is there 
But don't want to go downtown
I'm gonna check the status
Yea lemme no
I can't
ig it's 2 top sekret
Wtf
You can't see it?
Nope.
can't track it.
Well okay lol
This is so fun for me.
Hahahahaha
I love that I can't track it.
I literally have no information for you.
Guess I should go look then
Ahhhhh lack of information
Haha
business gets me off, lemon
Hahahahahaha
sorry
it happens
Can we just talk about something for a second 
yaehp
Donal Trump is leading in the Republican nomination 
Just let that sink in
I know.............
....
(ellipses)
....
Yea I can't even deal
Let it sink in, like seasoning
so I have a theory
Yes
Go
Trump is not dangerous. Clinton and sanders could easily beat him i nthe primaries. He is not intelligent. He's just insane. TED CRUZ is just as insane as donald trump, but he is a seasoned politician. Donald trump would be impeached. Cruz knows how to play the game. He's just as racist, just as evil, but twice as smart.
I WANT trump to win
he's a joke adversary
then they would have to write in hstory books
"blonde businessman loses presidential bid in 2016, or something"
HAHA
yea I mean that's our best bet
I want Bernie to win
He's my fav
[we've got this class, of BILLIONAHHS, and MILLIONAHHHS]
Can I write in Larry David
[ENOUGH. IS. ENOUGH]
YES
you can
Oh gud
So I just learned 
oh no
James looked it up this morning 
oh ok
My cousin is speaker of the house
Tim armstead
I know
i wasn't sur if you were related
but he is AWFUL
like SO AWFUL
hahahahaha
Why is that hahahaha
um
1) he strongly endorses right to work i believe
2) wants to defund planned parent hood completely, leaving thousands without accessible healthcare
erm
he tweeted this
"So very, very sad at the loss of a brilliant defender of the Constitution and the rule of law, Justice Scalia. What a loss to our nation."
if you didn't know
scalia voted for citizens united and said gay people weren't people.
OH
and i THINK he endorses cruz
the only reason i know this is because i followed the whole r2work thing
Oh okay haha. All I know is he changed his vote when I emailed him not to support the reptile ban
And reptiles are like, my issue
That is your heuristic
and as we know
bernie sanders, really likes them
hillary just doesn't get it
Right he loves those little guys 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THOSE LITTLE GUUYS
I want to vote but I'm not registered 
you have until may
James says voting is an act of aggression
Here's my opinion:
Hahahaha
I am voting for bernie, not because I love him, but as a vote AGAINST fascism. To make a statement. I don't want hillary clinton to win the primary, and she's a fascist. I'm not voting in the general, because I'm an anarchist, and I think organization is more important than selecting people to tell us what to do and say.
How is it an act of aggression? I've never heard that. If anything it's an act of submission.
NOT voting is aggressive
but in this instance, I need to vote in the primary
I love how you two are almost in agreement on everything except the little differences make you totally disagreeable
But the nuances are like super significant
haha
like
no govnerment
but
DONT REPLACE IT WITH BUSINESS
DO NOT
Right exactly
DO NOT
I like trade
sometimes we argue
I think trade is good
About the existence and importance of "the individual"
I value the collective over the individual. James is a rugged individualist. If there is ever an anarchist uprising, I fear that he will be killed in front of a building as a demonstration. Anarchists are violent people.
hahaha
Will you speak at my moms funeral?

"yes"

Vegan: First of all, I'm a vegan
Hahahahaha
Vegans man
We were both vegan
Remember
god
yes
and so unhealthy
we didn't even know you could get bison jerky
Right exactly
Hahahaha
I love eating a big juicy steak for dinner
And then veggie cleansing the day after
Balance
#balance
new suggestion
we need to not share a spotify
lol
it's probably not gonna work for much longer
we tend to listen to music at the same times
and sometimes I make #thesacrifice
sometimes you make the#sacrifice#
I no I'm sorry
nan
Oh my god
Something is the matter with me
I need to talk to someone
Talk
I got really drunk last night because I got in a fight with isaac
like about nothing
I picked a fight.
and then I just got more and mroe upset.
1) stop hurting yourself because of other people 
and I don't remember ANYTHING
and I woke up this morning with gigant gashes in my arm. Definitely self inflicted, but I have no memory of doing this.
Oh my god Michael 
That's not okay
I know
You need to start exercising some will power
I don't know what to do
how
Make better choicea
it's not that simple for me right now
Maybe it doesn't seem like it is
But it is
Same way I quit heroin 
Just make the choice to take care of yourself 
Even when the world seems gloomy and sad
i think i subconsciously wanted to  fight with him over nothing. I think I have built up aggression.
I guess you're right
You do, because you don't speak your truth 
You stay quiet and then hurt yourself 
I used to do the same with all of my males
Especially chris
I would go home and eat a handful of etizolam
Just so I didn't feel anymore
But it ended up making me stupid
I hate my family
like
son of a bitch
Read my comment 
read MINE
SHADE THROWN
HAHAHAHAHAHA
YES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
tell me that's false
it's so true
it's true
lmfao
how are you enjoying lost?
I love it
Locke got Charlie to give up his stash
Made me so happy
Charlie made my heart happy. He is one of the few good people on the show in my opinion.
I love him
He's a great character.
Locke only annoys me when he gets all conspiratorial
but I like locke a lot too
Yea he's got a real 9/11 complex
OMG
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
DO YOU KNOW THE CRAZY THING ABOUT HIM YET, IT HAPPENS EARLY ON
Yes
He was handicapped
I drank some last night and woke up to bleeding nether regions
WAHT
hahaha
We are in similar boats
I need to go back to sleep
Night night
night
Also..
A character from the funniest tv show besides the office has a character in the last season
No way
Awesome
I CANT GOD IM SORRY ITS MAC
Forgive me
AHHHHHHHH
THATS SO AWESOME OH MY GOD
IM GOING TO DIE
I WONT TELL JAMES
HE WOULDNT CARE ANYWAY
He is his own delusion. That's all im saying.
....what
hahaha
Think about it
is this some existential shenanigans
Are we the hypochondriac dude
Nope.
Sullivan? 
O
No
Season 3.
Oh damn ok
This conversation I just had with that cousin who told me I had forgotten I was loved
it's pure gold
Oh ny
Do tell
here it is
hahahahahah
I OWNED her
Patty, I appreciate the articles, but I'm super duper busy this semester and don't have time to read them all. Also, they all seem to be about things that I don't really line up with. I'm not going to change because of a couple of blog posts. .If you'd like to talk to me about them/some of your thoughts I'd be more than happy to listen I just can't keep up with these articles. Some of them (The one's I have caught up with) really just seem to be a couple of sentences and no content.

Love you!
you too.

It's okay--I'm just saying o love you and that God loves you even though you do not accept that in your life right now--He's always there for you and so are we.  Love you!!
Well I appreciate that. And It's not that I don't accept that a god couldn't love me, or that I reject religion entirely. I just think it's sort of insulting for you to try and posit that there's some sort of previsionary wisdom provided by being a person of faith; i.e. "you do not accept that in your life RIGHT NOW" sort of implies I'm being naive and will later "come to accept your way of thinking."  That's incredibly insulting. But I'm really sorry but I don't see that happening, despite how much I wish I could relate to you on this. I respect your beliefs as I hope you will respect mine. And not try to change them. I do not send you articles trying to deconstruct your faith.
Do not misinterpret that as me being defensive; I just wanted you to know how these things are interpreted.
And how they make me feel

I do accept your beliefs-- but the power of God goes out to you because I love you and ask him to take care of you, to lift up your life as you obviously want by you studying and seeking greater knowledge. It is not my intention to insult you, only to share my caring for you which from me is asking God to guide you and be with you.
Well I thank you for that, and if that's your way of caring that is fine. I'd just prefer not to receive clips of people like Ben Carson talking, people that with their hateful speech of made people like me feel small and worthless. That is not god. I would argue that using god as a tool to make people feel small, is just satan wearing a mask with gods face painted on it.
has made*

I understand. I love you and want you to have a good day and good week. I will not send things that may make you feel badly.
Thank you. You too.
Chat Conversation End
Seen 5:53pm
Hahahshahahaha
Nailed iy
One point for team LOVESGOKUFOREVER
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
nan
why
is
jim
treating
the
magician
poorly
I'm a monster
Did your potato come in any packaging that would reveal what it is? just wondering haha
It was in just a white plastic packing bag
Oddly shaped but not obviously a potato
oh so it WASNT a potato bag thank GOD
Correct 
So listen
listening
The other day my mom is begging me to hang out with her
I ignore the call and tell her I'm tired/busy like I have been for the past month
She calls me again later
oh no
Texts me that she was in a car wreck
Off the NITRO exit for some reason
???
oh shit
Goes to the hospital, she's bruised but basically fine, totalled her car etc
But shes using this as a reason to guilt me
And im not having it
I refuse
that's low
wow
I have not visited her
im sorry
Ahe is fine
i know this is conspiratorial
but are you SURE
like 100%
She sent me a picture of a bruise and then reminded me of when she drove me to the hospital because I went crazy and drank too much water
I don't think she PLANNED it, she's just doing what she does
ah okay I see
I'm not gonna engage on the content of that
but I getcha
haha
YEah
it's like
she didn't PLAN it
but somehow
she took advantage of her own misfortune and weaponized it
interesting
Exactly what I'm saying 
And since distancing myself from her
Ive felt amazing
good
Like I got up today, a day of three classes
And I am EXCITED
to be alive 
what a time to be alive
Hahaha yes
good tho
Had my BP coffee (oil spill)
Listen to this tidbit
oh boy
My resting heart rate was 85 the whole time I had my fitbut
Fitbit hahaha
Did some Molly
It's been decreasing daily ever since
Now down to 72
haha
that's good
Like that's crazy 
I'm so happy my risk for heart disease has lowered
Hahahahaha
JENKEES!
me too!
i just saw this tweet
Chubby Checker sued someone because they used his name for an app that determined penile length based on shoe size
HAHA WHAT
got damn
if you combine your nicknames
it makes the name of the band
that sings
'lips of an angel'
YOU DID NOT JUST SAY THAT
hen
hunder
hender
sorry
YES YOURE RIGHT BU ALSO
so close
I HEARD THAT SONG LIKE 2 DAYS AGO
really?
lmfao
AND IT WAS STUCK IN MY HEAD YESTERDAY
YES
THATS INSANE
hunny y u callin me
so late
hahahahaha
its kinna hard 2 talk right,
....
..
now
*rock riffing*
my god u make it hard 2 b faithful
rock riffing
from the lips of an
with the lips
*angel*
i have to give a presentation today
on contracepives
in health class
irely of youtube clipsluckily the presentation is comprised ent
what
hahahaha
hold up
the order
the semantics
what WAS that
say it again
hahahah
a
hah
ah
it messed up when typing
i have to play videos for the class
that sounds like a fun presentation
really though
not much talking
nope haha
like none
god dammit my partner sent me videos and im just watching them and they start off about contraceptives and lad into political bullshit
gonna use them anyway, better than a video of someone putting a condom on a phallic object
"andy, why would you select a PENCIL for this demonstration"
"well I wasn't gonna use my PENIS! It's not exactly hard right now!"
HAHAHAHA
hahaahahaha
So I signed up definitively for my summer courses, I'm taking this course on software engineering and web design. I really need to find a use for this knowledge haha. If you ever have any ideas for anything like that over the summer, you should bring it to my attention
i.e.
apps, websites, ect
I just don't need it for my degree, just a pre req, and it seems so cool and i don't want it to go to waste
Okay we can surely cook up something 
"I am serious and don't call me Shirley"
ok shirley
"I am serious and my name is Deborah"
Exactly
you can call me vegan atheist, for short, tho
Sense, that makes none 
category: (meme of the dude with the question marks used when someone says something crazy)
HAHA
yes
may be missing my bio lecture this morning
james left me here with no keys and his mom just left
i cant lock the door
GUESS ILL STAY HERE AND DO HOMEWORK
they need to just give me a key
but whatevs
Whatevs
i think he wants me to just go and leave it unlocked
ugggh
again
whatevs
Do it
DO IT
When you told me comfortably numb was about diabetes
You were lying weren't you
No.
Look it up.
Hahahahahahaha
James gave me this huge take on what it means to him
He talks about the pinprick of the needle
And I wanted to be like
Its about diabetes
It's about hypoglycemia
They said it was hahaha
SAY IT
I'm going to say it
The joy will drain from his face
He is no longer a philosopher 
Just a crazy person
Most embarrassing moment ever in math
I'm shaken 
I go to turn in my test, of which I had to leave a few things blank and I really don't know how to do most of it
And the prif is like, think you did well? 
And I go "I don't know"
And her and the whole class giggle
And then she stands there and LOOKS AT ME
won't take my paper
Until I have to say "seriously."
And I leave it on the desk and leave 
What the fuck is wrong with people
I'm so upset
DUDE
I have left thinsg blank before
WTF
is this REAL
What
....?
all of that
was a response to what you said
it's pretty transparent lol
I was like
saying
"that's so bad theres no way it can be real"
"im so sorry"
kind of thing
I still can't believe that happened.
Humans are
monsters
Yea it was terrible
Like
I stood there for like 15 seconss
Looking at my paper in my habd
And I look up at her
And she's just looking at me
Not taking it
So I go "seriously"
And set it on the desk
did you say
Seriously [period]
or seriously???
Yes
Hahahahaha
Seriously. 
I did well as far as my performance at the turn in
Not on the test
Anyway
The sun was out today
I cuddled with James in it in the sunroom
Life is good
Math is math
it is
and the sun was out
much nice
i laid down on my belly and soaked the rays into my interior vena cava
is that the heart vein
i forget biology
lol
omg
youre not a biologist
omg
omg
no I'm not
do u even anatomy bro
the chasm
not very well anymore
there it is
I only had to take cell biology
haha
i cant believe this
after anat phys in high school
that is all i care about
I know about the nervous system
thats it
i lurv the nurvous surstem
im starting to get into plants
forests
fungi
i don't know shit about either of those things
especially forests
lol
thats all my research is about
plants and fungi
'rhizospheree
etc'
I didn't have to take ecology or anything
therefore
I'm guessing that has something to do with
leaves
or soil
just read that bill oreilly
aged like
70 something
lost custody of his
"13 year old kid"
what
my dad is like 63 with a 12 year old
hahahaha
that's not 70
but oh yeah
that's right
sometimes I forget that you have younger siblings
I think it's because I was rarely exposed to them
yra forest just turned like 13 or 14
so weird
im old now
wtf
I just saw this post
on tumblr
that reminded me of us
it said
your early 20s is super weird because i know a girl who works for the UN and knows classified america secrets but i also know a dude whos middle name on facebook is kush
HAHAHAHAHA
yes
That sums it up
Like
I'm eating dairy queen
But I'm eating dairy Queen with a disabled American veteran 
There's a weird juxtaposition
Have u heard the n kanye where he does the jump man hook
I JUST OPENED FACEBOOK UP
SO MUCH TO TAKE IN
HAHAHA
NO I HAVENT HEARD IT
It's not good. Not worth listening honestly.
Cookie dough blizzard
MY SCHOOL
OMG
THEY JUST
THE MILITARY HAD AN EXTRA ARMOREEEEDDD TRUCCKKK
AND THEY GAVE IT TO OSU
What
Why
IT CAN WITHSTAND BOMBS
IDK WHY
WTF
An extra
YES
Extra tank
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
just laying around
Right
Like
Give it to a family in kenta
Kenya
Or something
Not college hipsters
What
that's what we do with xtra stuff right
So
Leo won his oscar
That meme is dead now
I know
bye meme
Goodnight meme
category farewell: code delta
hen.
http://toosiblog.tumblr.com/post/12856396341/a-liberal-muslim-homosexual-aclu-lawyer-professor
An eagle named small government
"a known atheist"
I must nap now
Fare thee well
Good morning, category: greetings used in the morning to a pa; signifying interest in how shit going
Hahaha
I'm in lab broseph
What it do
In music history learning about a composer named "louis bourgeois"
Hahahahaha
So James woke me up with news of super Tuesday 
I guess trump won
Yeah
Hes going to murder us all
How far into lost sre you??
S1ep7 or something
James hasnt wanted to watch the past few days, he's been passing out before nine 
nan
I met a new Reptile friend at school and quickly discovered why he loves ball pythons so much 
Bad joke just wanted to tell someone 
Hahahahaha
OH NO
Yea....
Like
Why is it okay for gay people to post on Facebook about coming in dudes
I've never seen a straight person do that 
It doesn't make sense 
because gay people aren't sexually repressed
straight people are.
lol
Also
I see plenty of straight people post shit like
"when you suckin that gooood dick"
"when her puss so wet its like a water fall crying laughing emoji"
Okay you're right hqhahhahahga
these hands.
im teetering on the tinley thing
i almost cancelled my reservations
why exactly?
because i dont currently have much money
and im not sure how i could get more
also ive never flown alone
can you cancel without monetary loss?
and driving to columbus before the flight could be stressful
basically yes
if this may do psychological harm
do not do it
what haha
explain
is it just me or do all people look the same past the age of 70
there's nothing to explain. If you are concerned about your capacity to handle this don't do it.
THEY DO
ITS NOT YOU
IT ME
IT ME
hahaha
and yea i was getting a massage today
and all icould think about
was being stressed about tinley
and i was like
oh yea, i dont have to go
i just found an avocado joke
and laughed so hard
at the same time something funny happened on a podcast
and james looked at me like
"yes this is funny we are laughing"
and i knew
HAHAHAHAHAHA
it was the avacada the whole toime
hahahahahaha
its still funny
hahahaha
read down just a bit
http://www.dose.com/entertainment/25254/25-Texts-From-Hilarious-People-You-Wish-Were-Your-Real-Life-Friends?llid=g3Xr&utm_medium=sz-social&utm_campaign=9jjw&utm_source=Partners
youll see the avacada
i don't
where is it
its like 4th or 5th down
it starts off different
ends with avacada
still cant find it
I'm a loon
forgive me.
iz okay
no wurries
i melon is a PEPO
PEPO
PEPO
PEPO
PEPO
rare pepo
PEPO
its like whatv yoshi says
in yoshi story
when you pick him at the start screen
he go
PEPO
and this whole time
he just wanted those sweet melons
tumblrs favorite just like
that it is tumblr
which is getting lame
I'm watching the philosopher zizek give a review of kung fu panda
oh my
jack black
is so
early 2000s\
\\
monsters inc is a classic film
It is.
so classic
it was my first dvd
it was my first
the first VHS i remember
was
A Bugs Life
mine was
Yo soy el asesino del zodiaco .
jesus christo
HAHA
im watching american psycho
So great
Watched it a couple months ago
you're a fucking ugly bitch i want t ostab you to death and play around in your blood
it's been about a month for me
I watch it a lot...
Hahahaha
It's a great movie
I'm watching lost
YESSSSSSSSSSSS
Ethan kidnapped Claire and cholly
FAMMMMMMMMMM
I KNOW
I MEAN
MAYBE
FAMMMMMMMMM
Hahaha
Fam
ethan is fucking interesting as balls
pay attention to him
ignore jack
he's a trash person.
and a surgeon.
patches is the only surgeon.
Yes
He is
And I will 
I HAVE TO USE FACEBOOK
KILL ME
I TRIED TO DELETE IT
AND IT TOOK SPOTIFY AWAY
yep
thats why i have no spotify
lolol
HAHAHAHA
eating acvacadadada
&& sirachaachacha
Floridada but avacada
Watching mad Max 2 in film
we need to figure out a way to see eachother even if you don't go to tinley
I'm not coming home over spring break
I gotta work a little
sigh
I don't have the money to go but I can't cancel my flight so
I'm stuck
yeah that's quite a dilemma
what is ideal for you? like what would destress you the most
That's the best approach
I'll probably choose a monetary loss over a mental one 
that's a good clal
mental best to preserved
Yes mos def 
I miss you
also have had some kahlua
I miss yew tew bew
Have a drink 4 m3
Have 1 more drink for me
Smile even tho ur sad
I've been getting nervous again
nan
I've been at school every day this week
Literally
From like 10 am to five
Normally 
Same fam
Need to focus on relaxing more
I started math tutoring 
But I'm still anxious about it
Like I want to do it all at once 
Because I truly hardly have time to go see them while they're open 
i know
ad t some point you wont need it
it will just be hard for a bit
Yea you're right. I just wish our prof was better. 
yeah ya win some ya lose some theree
nan
HAHAHAHA
my god
Ive called it Kevin 
Lab work kimosabi
there is a robot
at MIT
that uses an algorithm
based on donald trumps tweets
that tweets random garbage
and claims to be donald trump
i know what i want to do with my life
Hahahahaha
what
just turned on the debate
so funny youd say that
trump talks about the size of his penis
watch cruz
i know
he licks something weird off of his lip
but i will
im so excited to see
hahahahaha
I am currently snacking on carrots and peas. I took a bus to kroger. haha
Good idea!
dude
last night I went to the club here
you would love it lol
what hahaha
how was it
yeah
it was ridiculous
so much more interesting than atmosphere
and it cost 2 bucks
what thats so cheap
I KNOW
central 111 in VB was like that
hookah and dance bar
and TAPAS
and it was the shit
dress code but they normally let us in haha
it was like a weird experience
but like if you would have been there it would have been super duper
i got in a fight with my friend because she vanished and i had to take care of her drunk friend on the street
i was like
fuck this
where is hunter
Aw poor bebe
I would have put a dog leash on you and fed you drinks for doing tricks
And all would be well
HAHAHA
some old guy
I was sitting outside
and he thought
well he asked if i was a homeless gay youth and got his wallet out
HAHAHA DID U SAY YES
I said
Always say yes
"I am neither of those things!!!"
and then it hit me
HAHAHAHAHA
i was lookin gay as fuck, high and drunk, next to a passed out kid, sitting on the street outide of a gay club
of course he thought that
I was so offended
hahahahahahahaha
I am neither of those things hahaha
Remember in that smashing pumpkins pistachio medley
And he has this one bouncy effects pedal
And he keeps strumming and going
"Do the rubber band"
And laughing 
its just a wahhh pedal isn't it?
but yes
haha
I don't know but I will always remember that 27 minute song
The other night I got high with james
And I was telling him how the smashing pumpkins is the closest thing to "my band" as I can figure
And the next morning I walk in and he's playing Mellon collie
And im like WHAT IS GOING ON
finally I'm getting through
I saw this video the other day
oh boy
Of this guy who had like cut down his urethra, all the way to his balls 
It was like hanging open 
why would you watch this?
just curious
James wanting to watch disgusting videos
like this DEMANDS explanation
OH
So I was a bystander
THAT MAKES SENSE
Anyway
SO MUCH SENSE
hahahahaha
ok
anyway
Hahahahahaha
He took a drill
And switches the bit around so the sharp part is in the drill and the smooth end is sticking out
And sticks it IN HIS URETHRA
AND STARTS DRILLING
AHHHHHHH
I ALMOST PUKED
I only say this because James is using a drill and it reminded me
"it starts drilling"
It was gross
I this we were watching these to find someone putting a foot in an ass
Because I told him I was going to kick into his butt
And we found it
And it was
DISTURBING
OH GOD SO TERRIBLE
UP TO THE KNEE
AHHHHHHH
im enjoying an avacada
u almost ruined it
Hahhaahahaha
No longer enjoying it
Dreading it
i just tweeted this
mom: do you need to borrow any money
me: mom i know you don't have extra
mom: are you su-
me: small loan of a million dollars
I'm on FIRE today
Hahahahahahaa
My god
You are *ON FIRE*
damn daniel back at it again with *a small loan of a million dollars*
Hahahahaha
Damn Daniel has come and gone 
So quickly 
I KNOW
rightly so
small loan will never get old
It was a very stupid phenomenon
And you're right
I said that to James and he goes
That is a small loan 
you can catalyze worn out memes with memes that will never get old
i.e.
combining damn daniel and trump
it keeps their hearts beating.
THAT IS A SMALL LOAN
Hahahahaha
Like
He seriously was trying to negate my laughter 
With capitalist reasoning 
ITS FUNNY TO EVERYONE DAMN IT
Yea it is
COME ON JAMES
Dummiez
COME ON
I always thought Jethro tull was like
A member of the White family 
you do know that quote is wayne gretzky right and you were making a joke haha
?
it's often attributed to oswald as a joke haha
I knew it wasn't right but I didn't want to research it so I went with it 
cause the whole shooting thing
but OMG
I've seen the joke version 
Yes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dObK7ODS47E
THIS FUCKED ME UP
hahahahahahaha
At James' brothers, can't video, scorpion King is on
oh GOD
the one with the rock
i hate that movie
hahahahaha
I love it
And the mummy series
We're the first scary movies I watched 
the mummy is good
I just didn't like the scorpion king as much
Yea agreed but it's the story 
THE STORY MIKEL
in this clip that I cant stop watching
the scene from the titanic
I want you to draw me like one of your french girls jack
And it's an oscar
is replaced with i want you to draw me like *TRUMP FLOATING HEAD ENTERS AND IS STRETCHED* A SMALL LOAN OF A MILLION DOLLARS
Jahahahaha
What the hell
It has to stop
It's gone too far
nan
Hahahaha
That's wonderful
someone seriously posted that
i lost it
hahahahahhahaha
They might have snake ears 
that awkward moment when you tell bae a secret and get a bite on ur lips from their snake ear
Faygo tonic water 
HAHAHHHAHAHA what
Hahahaha
piping hot four lokos
Went to the store and they only had faygo tonic water 
And I'm not a juggalo si
WAIT
THIS IS REAL
Got gingerale
Yes
Hahahaha
isaac likes faygo
but like
Ew
I think juggalos
Finish him
don't exist in more refined states
hahahahahaha
he was like
what's that
I was like
They don't exist in refined states hahahahaha
NOTHING
HAHAHAHAHA
I DONT COME FROM A PLACE WHERE CLOWNS LIVE IN TRAILERS
THATS NOT ME 
like icp is a thing
but jaggalo culture
is restricted to white trash environments lol
JAGGALO
HAHAHAHHAHA
OOOPS
that's hillary-ous
It's another political conspiracy morning 
I walked in the room and said "is this the kind of morning we're going to have"
JFK videos 
Hologram planes 
don't indulge that
hahaha
does he belive that stuff
lol
His official opinion is
"I wouldn't put it past em"
HAHAHAHA
Yeah
i mean
fair enough
I got a new tattoo
show me
my tattoo is an anarcho-communist symbol from the spanish revoultion prior to world war 1
show me hahahaha
I feel like it's stupid
I haven't even looked at it
HAHA
i literally beat my head into a wall
hahahahaha
dammit mikel
it's a star (pentagram not NAUTICAL) that is bisected and divided into a black half and into a red half on my upper left shoulder blade
LET ME SEE
dead phone
no charger.
ah okay
no way of doing this.
well send it to me when you can
lol
nan
aww das cute!
It's growing on me
i leik it
Help
What do I do 
shoot
nan
say that I'm having an emergency and you need to help me. Or another person. family?
but it was embarrassing
because
like
the reason doesn't seem urgent
but it is?
But a part of me still wants to go because I can't cancel the ticket 
then go.
I can still help you make this work.
like you can do this.
if you WANT
but I thought you wanted an out
I feel like he's implying Geckos and trying to bribe me with the implication
oh like the collateral is geckos? like "i got you " means "i've got geckos?"
Yes
Hahahaha
Ugh gosh why can't I even take a big trip
Like why is it that every time I plan something, I have to cancel it 
dont do that
no
lol
I'm not going. It hurts me to not go but I can't. I feel sadness and sort of victimized. Like, why can't the world just allow me to have a vacation 
But I know it doesn't work that way
: /
I know what you mean
just not to this degree
this was somthing you'd wanted for a while
it doesn't seem fair that he's saying those things
Yea, and I had like 500-600 dollars for it 
does he think it will just work out?
Yea I guess he thinks I will magically have everything I need
Like what
You can't say
that's what i gathered
right
I'll take care of everything 
He needed to sat
"I'll give you X for food and you can stay with me and my family"
That is a solid offer
RIGHT
specifically
this tells me
he just thinks
that you are buggin out
money is no issue
Right 
and it will all be fine
He thinks I have a credit card or something, or he forgot what it's like to be a student 
yeah
exactly
like he's almost not in touch or something
like how could he think you could just swing all of that
lol
I don't know but it makes me actually sick 
Because he knows I want to go
But he's offering false assistance 
yeah and that's cruel
I mean I feel like crying 
It is cruel
Head ache
Stomach 
ahh
i have a headache
I'm in math with my cunt prof that I hate
Ive started going to tutoring and in two sessions I've learned more than I've ever been taught in this class
AWESOME!!!!
Yea :) 
I'm going to just retake all the tests 
I'm getting a pass from the office of disability services to get an extension on work and exams due to anxiety
see if you can do that
OMG that's awesome 
What
Yes
my friend is an engineer
and was dying of stress
and almost failing
and it saved her life
That's amazing. Where do I apply?
google it and see if your school has it
I will :)
nan
awwwwww
yas thnx
luv da snek
such kyoot
I'm having a gril
?
A grilp
Grill
Burgers
Ahahaha
And rootbeer
having a grill?
Yes
is that an expression?
hjahahahahahahahah
Having a grill 
hahahahahahaha
It is now
Hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
category: no
Category: yes
I'm a part of a family again
This is fun
I am not and do not ever want that
haha
I wallow in solitude
You know that all I have ever wanted is a loving functional family hahahaha
i know
hahaha
Condo will be ours soon. I have to do all the stuff. Family can't handle adult stuff
I'm drunk also
Should i drink and send you funny comments 
and YaaaaassssSSSSS
Yes
Pls
I'm playing with a bull dog and saying in baby voice DONT EAT GRASS
HAHAHA
Ill do a mad lib
Also
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yes a mad lib
I want to build a small cabin in the woodd
Woods
And live there with my lizards 
I do too
I KNEW
That you were typing thag exact sentence 
HAHA
of course you did 
U no me
I got a 4 loko hahahahahaha
If i funded your gas would you wanna come and visit me for a lil bit the weekend your break starts? 
I could probz do that if cosi is on the agenda 
And if my car is repaired 
IT IS
oh yeah
that
well
James is taking it on
Like
I've had these car issues for years
And hes like
IM FIXING IT ALL
YES
I'm good with that
he was standing IN my car
With a screw driver
wht
hahahahaha
Down in the engine
Like
Serious shit
IN
And in like
Hot damn
I picked a winner
My dad says the car is fine
And of course that means James is like NOPE THERES SOMETHINF WRONG
I WILL BEST YOUR FATHER
typical nales
Males
Hahahahahaha
typical males
typmal3z#
i have to mention something trivial to you because it meant a lot to me and i have to share with someone and you are that person
so congratz on that
but
i am
alo i am very drubj
go
go
go
i was just saying how i had to paint CRICK onto a cart in the lab , like watson and crick, who identified the dna double helix
and james says
that would be a good name
and im like, what?
and he goes, helix would be a good name
"helix von byrd"
omg
and im like
OMG
OMG
O
YES IT WOULD BE
M
G
WHAT
OMG
speak
words
also nice ref to watson and crick; sad that it went unnoticed
but still
like
hahahaha
hahahaha
i like dat name doe
and when a man mentions are future kids' name
like
omg
womanhood
thats what its about
baby names
thats all
hhshahaha
BBY NMZ
thank you for hearing me out
also dr chatfield gave me this new 16 inch laptop
with a touch screen
that im pretty sure i get to keep after i graduate
loving life right nao
WHAt
we are getting a virtusl reality head set in my lab
and we have a whiteboard
to come up with parapsychology experiments
we're even
Okay that's pretty frickin awesome 
Gamw set match 
Also I found a GLASS stir plate in a cabinet today 
And I was allowed to sneak it into my backpack
And now it is James' for mixing ejuice
Because I'm literally the best girlfriend in the entire world 
that was bro of you
bro
I'm so bro
#bro
stacks on stacks
brueh
im trying to get my car freakin fixed
so i can drive somewhere
yes
so we can plan a get together
to cosi
and other things
mostly other things
but yes
james was in youe car
in it
in
he was standing on the front end, with his body in it
like a gremlin
hahahahahahahj
like a small auto nymph
HAHAHAHHA
GOOD ONE
I LIKE IT
auto nymph
aw fanks :#
our things tho
yah
autist
hahahaha
so
shayn commented on that kim trails post
my diagnosis was apt
OMG
OMG
so i went ahead and unfriended him
I COUD NOT STOP LAUGHING AT THAT
BUT
he needs to get OUT
forever
hes slime
he is
he contributed to the ruin of my life
heavily
not nick slime,ie the good kind
he did
hahahahahaha
and i will never forgive him for that
me neither
like
he turned me into a monster
and im finally back
after YEARS
im back
im also drinking btw
lemonade and gin
hollaaaa
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1109691969062119&set=a.158305900867402.35707.100000639800731&type=3&theater
its lit
OH NOOOOOOOOOOOO
hahahahahaha
i just did engineringb homework drunk
god help me
yes child
i am here
child
hahaha
i am so fuckinh drunk
h ave not been in a while
good lawd
we watched the newsroom with james
we did
and you enjoed it
he has started taking welbutrin
i watched the whole sesason
which is basically an amphetamine
and [art pf 2
omg
hahaha
and hes like
WIRED up
eating a pancake
hes not going to sleep tonight
hahahaha
hes so freaking cute
i swear
remember jake mcmurtry
he cheated on me with a retarded germna girl
and then they had a kid and got married
HAHAHAHA
WHAAHPhpirehgierjgpj
yes
that happened
i reember being on the phone with him
and being like
IM GOING TO KILL MYSELF IF YOU DO THIS
hahahahahaha
OMG
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
SUICIDE
HAHAHHAHAHA
(laugh at my laughter)
im laffing
and eating a g free pancakeoo
pancakoo
hahhofh
vhat
||
nan
Oh gosh darn
So every time James got a text ID get nervous because I was afraid it was his ex
But he changed his ringtones 
And now even though it's the same thing, it lacks the same implication
And it doesn't bother me
Isn't that funny? 
Call me pavlov
'S dog
HAHAHA
ur gud
Thanks bud pallingston
That was a good one also.
Did you take good pill
Yes
It offsets my bad pill
yes
yes
we know
Hahahaha
I woke up and had some tea with Coco oil
And meditated for a minuyes
Did some stretching 
I want a tea
A tea
Here
im out of teas
"t"
i am SO glad you took that bait
YES HAHA
go look at my photo of the redwood roota
And see what I said to Trevor's comment
I have
ok
hold on
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAA
YYYUUUUGEEE
Hahahaha YES
yuge
brooklyn accent, brooklyn accent
YUGE
YUGE
I'm going on a riding trip
*crowd goes WILD*
a what?
Hahahaha
A trip 
I just got my foot stuck in the step on the side of the jeep
And fell
Hahahahahaha
one could say
you were
almost
in the jeep
I was in the jeep
And had to get out
And fell out of the jeep
And my shoe came off THANK GOD
and I rolled into the mud
And we haven't even left yet
It's gonna be a day hahahaha
i am laffing @ u
nao
such lafter
It was funny 
"and rolled into the mud"
the sight of this
I wasn't even embarrassed for some reason 
is just too much
you Michael'd
I laughed so gard
Hard hahahaga
I did
Hahahahaha
I walked directly into a wall yesterday
not hit
HAHAHA
directly into it
HAHAHAHAHA
fce first
hahaha
Did you BREAK YOUR GLASSES
YOU NERD
NO
D I C K W E E D
Hahahaha I'm sorry
I will never understand 
Here
http://itsfourthirtyinthemorning.tumblr.com
Youre welcome 
wtf
hahahahahah
so
Gloria in Excelsis, Gloria in Excelsis Deo
I just think that needed to be said
ok
It's josh
so this looks like josh beane opetry
OMFG
OMFG
OMFG
OMFG
hahahahahaha
I KNEW IT
BIIIIITCH
I knew you'd get it
I KNEW IT
I DID
I knew it
WHENI SAW THIS
Hahahahahahagagahaha
HOLD ON
YES
this gem from " rahpsody in black " (first clue by the way)
"My passion has consumed me, 
   like a virus
   rewriting my DNA"
he knows science. we know this.
also the gloria thing means glory in the highest in latin and it's part of the traditional catholic mass from the 1400s. He obviously doesn't know that.
HE KNOWS SCIENCE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
he does.
and music.
BACH!!!
Yes
He needs us to know
he does
That he knows
so badly
He told me to bookmark that
Because it's eight years of his life
And I'm like
DONE
HAHAHAHA
and that desperateness is his giveaway
He kills me 
He invited me to dinner 
And I'm like
Ehhhh no
nopze
OK JOSH
HERE'S MY ANSWER
A BIG FAT LESLIE NOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPEEEEEEEEE
dickweeed
Hahahahahaha
Dickweed
bringing back middle school explicatives
I'm still sitting in a one stop parking lot
?
Waiting for them to be done doing things to the jeep
I swear they're always working on this thing 
ok
so you know those kinds of people
who like
ALWAYS have stuff done to their car even if it's seemingly okay
hahahaha
Yes
or are working on it
yeah
Yep like he just got new mud tires 
we have a code john hutton i believe
That aren't so loud on the interstate
Hahahahaha
And now he wanta
A lift kit
wanta
And new shocks 
NICE SHOCKS DICKWEED
ARE THEY DURABLE
Yea he never gets my Napoleon reference
DAMN IT
hahaha
Because I've made it several tines
Gagahagagaga
HAHAHA
Shocka
Shocks
Pegs
LUCKT
god dammit
I can't typw
AH
pegs.
Pegs
sweet pegs.
they should call you peggy.
OMG
Looool
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Look I'm a rida 
rida
nan
"You need to know that im a rida"
Love major lazer 
Tonight we gonna set the streets on fiya
yeah
straight up.
isn't pusha t on that song
hahahaha
I think so
Man nothing says yeeeehaw like sitting in a Jeep for an hour 
IM BORED
japes
james name if he were a jeep
OMG lol
I just laughed audibly
lol
I'm gonna call it the jape now
YES
DO
I will hahahaha
IT HURTS BUT YOU DO IT FOR THE MEME
GET BACK IN THE JAPE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Hahahahahhahahaha
I'm laffin
it sounds like kyle sullivain saying jeep
hahahahhaahahahahaa
Who now
The shoes guy
KELLEY
KELLEY
Ohhhhh
Yes
Him
jape
get in the jape
Now James does get the shoes reference
SHOES
SHOES
HAHAHAHAHAHAA
ONG
SHOES
OMG
japes
HAHAHAHAHAHA
let's get some Japea
Let's get some japes
Let's get some japes
OMG vapes
japea sounds like a venomous insect from the amazon
HAHAHAHAH
u no when yer laffing so hard
oh no
You can't convey it through text
meme talk
yas
i do
So you just smash keys
And hit send
Repeatedly 
Likw
m'lady
The laff is controlling your hands 
Hahahahahahahahha
i have alien hand syndrome
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
i got drunk and went out last night
his whole family can hear me laughing 
Go
told my friend that I have always thought i had a brain tumor
she says
Omg
"yeah i guess i was right"
and i was like what
What
she goes
"you defeinitely have schizoaffective disorder"
HAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHA
me too then I guess
HAHAHAHAHA
I was like
JAPE
Hahahahaha
that's SO close to vape
omg
It is
it's the perfect word-malgum
It's almost vape 
it works on so many levels!!!
-the college aged poet
Man hahahaya
Das us
I bet Josh writes his drafts in crayon
said like this
"cray-uhn"
he do
Yes hahh
We're off now
and we're off
My day
Yes
nan
Jape!!!
Mud
They cleared it
Now the hoops and hollers start
They're playing the Cupid shuffle 
What kind of hell is this
If 911 didnt happen this wouldn't have had to happen, but now it has to
Yes
It does
This is bushs fault
Thanks 9/11
It is
so i think im gonna go for a PhD in cognitive science
Do it
Good idea
I'm so tired
Just got back
all of the programs combine philosophy, psycho, neuro, and computer science. it's right up my alley
and yeah?
how was japing
Right up the alley
And yes
Exhausted
yeah I can sort of tell
through text
somehow
Yes
I know
Lolol
Too tired to laugh
i know that feel
nan
YES
James just said
"I fold nigga like crisp fresh clothes"
And walked out of the house laughing to himself loudly 
that's VERY strange
hahaha
Danny devito endorsed bernie sanders
hahahaha
YES 
apparently
he appeared at his rally in missouri randomly
and endorsed him
lmfao
shayn just tried to engage me
it annoyed me
OMG tell me 
my last status. I made a comment about how marx was wrong in assuming capitalism just hurts our bodies, when it also hurts our minds. Then he went on a little rant about how capitalism is bad completely neglecting that i already think that and just trying to level with me
it was...werid
like why
im not even gonna reply
he was just saying things lol
He's masturbating on your status 
Tell him to keep his dick in his pants 
vomit
figuratively and literally
probably
hahahaha
I just got paranoid because James accidentally sent me a text he meant to send his dude friend about meeting up after I go to class 
Presumably to sell suboxone to him
interesting
And I was like WHAT IF HES CHEATING ON ME
and then immediately I corrected myself, that's stupid 
Hahahaha
And even if he were
I'd find out eventually 
So it's whatever 
I'm paranoid 
me too
it ok friend
haha
i understand
 Sitting in my car
In a thunderstorm
Don't want to walk to class in this
it's been teasing thunderstorms here today
oh thats right
you arent on break yet
Yep lol
Teasing lol
it teases me
with it's stormclouds
one word
Yes
Thunderclaps
clap clap clap clap clap
Thundertwerk
oh dear lord
make america twerk again
the thundertwerk
19.95 plus handling
Oh yes I eed that
My mom is legitimately freaking me out
TIME WAITS FOR NO MAN?
Yea
This is her small talk
Haven't talked to her in a month
Hits me with this shit
wowww
dude
what the hell
Did you see the mass text of animals 
those look so crazy
The animal emojis
the images
with the time passing emojis
come on
like
WOW
And then THE HOUR GLASSES
WHAT
YES
LIKE
IS THAT SYMBOLIC?
WHAT?
She's trying to guilt me 
And scare me
Wow leas boyfriend is gay
HAHAHAHAHAHA
why
I mean I know
nan
nan
That arm tho
Also he needs to focus on arm day, his pecs are a little ridiculous 
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA
Sorry I couldn't resist 
i just told isaac whar yo usaid
and he goes
"we ALL know he's gay"
"except for lea"
Hahahahahaha
It's so obvi
Like
Cmon
Also Trump won florida
So there's that
Somebody better bust her bubble
This is real life 
HAHAHAHA
god
I know
I voted today
for a guy
named
PG SITTENFELD
LIKE
H R PUFF N STUFF
is what i hear
im drunk
Hahaha haha who dat who dat that do dat do dat
running for senator
i also voted for a computer scientists immigrant who was running for state leg
i felt ok about it
i mean voting is a sham
but whatever
Hahaha it is
emma gold man said it best
I'm gonna get James into a science program
"if voting did anything they'd make it illegal"
wait
what?
Hahahahahaha
I'm gonna get him signed up for a summer research program studying Rubis with my lab boss
Get him indoctrinated 
That's twisted
hahah
but yes
I just started a research proposal with isaac, to get paid actors to cause people social distress as part of an experiment rather than using film
like
I'm signing up for continuing my research for an extra 3k lol
HAHAHA
have them approached before they even enter the lab
but THAT was the exerpiment
film is too biased
3K
dam
get it
Get it b
Do that dam thing
Hey so update
Getting rid of trash makes your life better 
yeah
i would assume
haha
Just thouggt ID holler
I'm drunk
Wine drunk
im getting vodka drun
i put
hahahahaha
i put
I PUT
I
PUT
MIO IN THE VODKA
and i'm drinking is straight
Mio
What
Oh
That stuff
Try True Lemon
Lemonqid
AMAZING
TRUE LEMON
implying there's a false lemon
a LIAR
Hahahaha yes
LIKE HILLARY "BENGHAZI" CLINTON
Listening to candidates talk
Live
which ones
I'm dyibg
Casio
You know president Casio
KASICH
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
???
Hahahahahahahahaha
Yes
dude
hahahahahahhahhaa
Kasio
My bad
la assesino del zodiaco
HAHAHAHA
MY GOD
he looks like
He looks like
Well
say it
say it
nan
OH MY GOD
OH MY GODDDDDDDDDDDDDD
NBRUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
SHYTE
remember my sisters boyfriend who ha dthe twitter handle
@iPumpSHEMOANS
YES HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH
HAHAHAHAHA
I was dying
thinking of that
HE WAS TALKING AVOUT YOUR SISTER
iPump
IMAGINE THAT
WHAT
NO
STOP
NO
Hahahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
iPump
iPhone
iPump
like
what was with that trend
So let me just take a second 
To finally
ok
And finitely 
Declare
My INFINITE LOVE
i do declare
go on
FOR MY BOYFRIEND
HE IS THE BEST 
I am going to vomit
well
maybe that's un related
hahahahaahahhha
#witt
if i had one i wouldn't be such a sour puss
good for you
i hate everyone
I'm sorry I just can't declare to many people or groups 
But
I know
That he is the best
I am El asesino del Zodiaco
And I'm #blest
Hahahahahahhaha
blest
Yes
U r
bless eem
ive had almost a full bottle of vodka
OMG no lol
That's too much
Chill out girl scout 
i have a massive tolerance
i mean
i'm typing to you
coherently
hahaha
I just shitted on em
omg
ily
hahahahahahahahah
ahah
ahah
ah
Yeeeea I just shitted on em
HAHAHAHAHAH
Had to luh u boo
There's this candle 
In front of mw
On the tablw
yes
And in debating 
Eating it
candle
barndle santotes
1738
I'm feelin muhself feelin muhself feeling mai feeling mai 
Willy wonka for president 
i'm felling my fellin myyyyy
with some hood girlslookin back at it
and a good girl in my tax bracket
Hahahaha yes
Go
Go
Go
i confess i woke up like this
all this ass on that flawless dick
HAHA
favorite line ever
BESIDES
QUESTION
WOULD YOU
TRADE ME
"He wanna pound it like a hashtag, i make him clean it wit ha washrag"
no
for nothing
dont
hahhaahhahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahahahahhahahaha
Hahahahahahahahhaahah
U no
he wanna pound it like a #
#####
#washrag
isaac recently said he would name a dog hashtag. and then said "imagine it, lil hashtag, just runnin around"
Hahahahahahaha
That's a great dog name
Not as great as
HELIX
HELIX VON BYRD
HELIX
ok
james name
jape
Hahahahahahahaha
Right
jame name
I said
james name
I told hin
I said he drives a jape
whip it and nae nae
oh
he do
Ans he said "I don't drive a joke"
HAHAHAHA
that was solid actually
but he do
Apparently jape means joke
I didn't ni
No
Hahahahahahaha
what
no
I'm drinking a gun and tonic now
it means what we invented
I'm drunk af
m2
Go
What we invented
Was a joke
it do
Me to James
I'm drunj
Him to me
No ur not b
me to him
DONT PATRONIZE ME
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
PAT-TRONIZE
I am angry that the gays want to get hitched
Yes
B angry at that
Stupid gayz
and women want to be paid money for their work
Right
Audible laugh
Hahahahahahaha
is sex from bae not good enough?
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
OMG
Hahahahahahahhahahahahahaha
PEOPLE WHO SAY
Hahahahahahahah
I'm dying rb
their bf
is
Rn
their BIG
BIG
Omg
No
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN
Ni
No
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
No
No
Like no
u my big
Like
my big
No
Das not ok
big
thats a thing
Bf is "daddy"
Duh
No big
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAH
Jeeeeeez
or papppiiii
Hahahahahahahahahhahahaha
depending on your ethnic background
AI PAPI
it's your call
really
RIGHT
if you are proficient in spanish
papi is fine
CULTURAL CHOICE
THE ILLUSION OF HANDS
did u watxh
THE SUNNY
OH NAH
I TODL U TO WATCG
OH NAH
well
DO IT GDI
actuallyy i startd it
HOD DAMMIT
WATXH IT
THE HABDS
THE HANDS
WATCH IR
PLEASE
It's so good
I'm so drunk
Halp
Halp me I drank
me 2
hand
oh god
member seth
that dude that dated erin shelton
she gave him a footjob
Ong
He goes to my school
He sells drugs
NOOOOOOO
STILLLLLLL
He has sleeve tattoos
I BOUGHT WEED FROM HIM
He only sell "large amounts" no
Omg
Ong
Omg
Eli lovesgokuforever Massey 
Gets his weed from seth
They're bffs
I've seen them face time
LOVES GOKU FOREVER
GOKU
dude
the post i had
about masculinity being a limiting narriative
"all i knew how to do was fight"
"which angered me"
"so i kept fighting"
my cousin from the family dinner
that we liked
he posted about goku
and was like
GOKU CHALLENGES THIS
Hahaha haha noooooo
He's an autist
Nooooooo
I want to watch Willy wonka
But
But
But
but
James said
butts
oh no
This is where I draw the line
No chocolate factory for me
NO
:(((((
I would watch it
it do!!!!!
Come with me and you'll be in a
WOOOORLD OF PURE IMAGINATION
YES
I have to go be social now
Maybe
I may end up buried back in my phone 
ok
leme know fam
so
someone stole one of my geckos
my only gecko at wvsu
tis gone
i will drink the blood of the theif
I saw that
What a coloniast
Taking what isnt theirs
right
i no
you know who is the least sexually attarctive person
nin the world
Hahahahaha
Who
danny collins
YES
But hes a nice guy sorta
like
So
even his personality
is trash
I dont knownhim that well
Shit
It hit me
what
BOOBZ BOOBZ BOOONZ LOTTA
Yah kween
potato
otta boobz
otters
otter
Listening to unicorn kid
#tbt
me too
on spotify
so OBVI
it starts wit hwee monsters
i was criticized recently for liking renard
OMG no
Tell them to die
"Get bitten by a wolf, peasant"
i have had almost thirty shots
YES
that
Hahahahaha
Velvet underground now
And I guess that I just don't know
I'm listening to death of a bechlor now
god
Yes hahaha
brendfan urie
marry me
Mmmmmm
plz
Right
hes adopted this new
Pls
50s singer thing
i love it
Yes
Like
Mmmm Morrissey urie
YES
OMG
YES
THAT
A MILLION TIMES
YOU GET ME
OBVI
Yes
The doors movie
YES
Watching now
good
gotta pya the troll toll
lea
hey
so
diplo in DC
should i try to do this
or is it another trip that will fail
Maybe
nan
He's gonna be a butterfly 
Strong jaws 
i just made a ham sandwich
ok
and as I did  this
I got ham on my hands
and then said outloud, # hamhands
and idk why i'm telling you this
but it felt important
ahahaha
that is important
and you made me smile
thank you
with my hand hands
i MEAN
HAM HANDS
GOD
omh
yes
hands of ham
dude I realized, I'm an adult now
last night I drank ok
I woke up this morning with a splitting headache and photophobia
and I realized
this is an adult hangover
i realized that literally yesterday
SERIOUSLY
i thought i was just a kid with a car
I still feel bad
RIGHT
HAHA
and now it's like
no
u adult
yea i took some xanax last night and then tried to hike a rock trail today
and i was like
im dying
help
i cant do this
it was ruff
ive only been drinking wine
PLANNING dinners
doing chores
what
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH
is this my life
PLANNING dinners
hahaha
BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO HAVE MEAT AND AT LEAST ONE SIDE
omg
YOU CANT JUST THROW A BURRITO IN THE MICROWAVE ANYMORE
you old hag
go to a pta meeting
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SOON
Ill see u there
you should just go ahead and adopt
Josh is 56 and he throws a burrito in he microwave
so
if it werent for 9 months of hell, id have a kid
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
josh is 56
im dying mochael
mocha-el
Hahahahahahha
I just laughed so hard
Isaac was like what
I was like
HSSSSS NOTHING 
IM DRINKING WINE
OUT OF A
DE-CANTER
OH MG
and
its
a nice chianti
because i suggested earlier that we should eat liver
he comes back from the store with a chianti
without even realizing what hes done
Re read all of this 
Please
In the voice of the mom from
Anything
HAHAHAHA OMG
HAHAHAHAHA
YES
*laff track*
im sitting on my pc trying to watch workaholics
james is drinking wine and reading george rr martin novels
so
i guess this is adulthood
finally
I want to name an animal spook
So badly
Or hashtag
spook
is a good name
i once had a dog named wags
and a cat named scamper
so
beat that
your political aggro posts are becoming a little much
js
Interesting 
They arent gonna stop as long as i have a collective of really radical friends, though
not saying they should, just giving one man's opinion
also im a little under the weather today
maybe otherwise it owuldnt bother me
As am i. My sinuses are killing me. Headache. Ect.
my friends are so *RADIAL*
"cool dude"
I think its the weather change
"gnarly"
Dick weed hahaha
radical
hahahahaha
hahahaha
I asked for it 
Lol
yes
i went on a hike to try to help
get some sun and air
and i found this
this
How was that
goat skull
UM
and i fell in love
Whay
and i carried it around
Lemme see
okay
Donubhahe it
nan
anyway
james is like, dont pick that up
stop carrying that around
Thats amazing 
NO DO
etc etc'
Pick it up
so i brought it home
Lol
was talking through it lion kig scar style
and like
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
he wants to bleach it, whiten it up
Ehh
so i give it to him and he goes to put it in some bleach water
Alright
and a MOTHER FUCKING GIANT SPIDER JUMPS 6 INCHES OUT OF THE WATER AT HIM
IT WAS IN THE SKULL THE WHOLE TIME
AHHHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHH
i fell in the floor, crippled with disgust
it hides back in the water
the BLEACH water
we take it outside
spend half an hour trying to kill it
finally we removed the abdoen
abdomen
and it was no more
and now i feel like
i cant wash off the feeling
of dread
THIS IS WHAT MY WORST NIGHTMARES ARE MADE OF
yes
it literally was
a nightmare
like
i was like
I HAD THAT THING IN THE CAR WITH ME
THE WHOLE TIME
AHHHHHHHHHHH
read my post
the comments
trevor made a reference to chris playing a video game called goat simulator
OMFG
OH MY GOD 
Hahahahahaha
Still thinking about the goat video game
Hahahahahahaha
Yes
hi bb
 Heyo b how u
bad
how are you
Seeing my mom for the first time in a long time. So not great 
After her wreck
god
that was a litttle bit ago
im sorry though
nan
i just biked 4 miles
biked 2 yesterday
that's awesome
I want a bike
been riding around nitro like i did when i was 8 haha
hahaha
Niiooooiiiiceeeeez
its not my bike, its a pink mom bike
YES
OMG
yes hahahahaha
a SCHWIN
A PINK MOM BIKE
U THE REAL MVP
I AM
YES
I AM THE REAL MVP
SCHWIN
not all heroes wear capes
ect
ect
HAHAHAHAHAHA
but all heroes
WEAR VAPES
*deal with it meme*
in my lab meeting in wednesday
the PI was trying to figure out what people who vaped seriously called their "pens"
and what they called themselves
HAHAHA
we are vapers
we do not forgive
we do not forget
and then he pulled up a video of a guy going around doing some weird vaping V gang sign with his hands at people
HAHAHAHA
this is academic research
WE ARE VAPERS
HAHAHAHA
I shouted out
CUSTOM MODS BRUH
so youre telling me
you were afraid to say
and he was like "that one!!!"
your best friend is a
vaper
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
It like
yes
hahahahahaha
it sounds to much like I'm calling you VAPOR
lol
IM AN APPARITION
A VAPOR
a spook
speaking of
hahahhah
WHAT
ive been watching the last 2 seasons of GA
and i swear
ive had nightmares EVERY NIGHT
last night was the worst
i was in YOUR BASEMENT
TRYING TO OPEN A PORTAL WITH ZAK BAGANS
AND I FELT THE EVIL ENERGY SUCKING ME IN
AND I SAW THE PORTAL OPEN, AND IT WAS GREEN AND REFLECTED ME LIKE A MIRROR
AND I WAKE UP
and the "dark energy" was just james asleep on top of my legs
hahahahahahahaha
oh
my
god
hahahahahhaha
hahahhahahaa
i was shoving him off
panicking
but i didnt want to be like
OH MY GOD WAKE UP I HAD A NIGHTMARE
because thats silly
he looked at me last night and said "b, i dont want you getting detached from reality
"
"the more you watch that show" etc etc
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHA
Fuckin christ
He's right though 
I do go off into some weird places hahaha
I do too
dude
when I was super into lost
I am pretty sure I worshipped the smoke monster
like
I was not in reality
hahahahahhaahhaah
Hahahahaha
I just started season 2
The hatch
OH YES
THAT THING
it ends up being so important
*tumblr sjw voice* "this is important"
lolol
my lab manager watched lost
loves talking about it with me
i want to see the character that is us
OMG
season 3?
I THINK
You'll know it for SURE when you see them
Okay I'm so excited haha
Youll text me instantly lol 
Im vurry excited
Yas
frand
i ham so durnk
not ham
never ham
shhh im watching ghosts
OK I ACTUALLY AM REPSECTFUL OF THIS. I UNDERSTAND. GOD SPEED.
Thanks b :)
i am watching it also
There we go!
Christ
Jesus Christ it's so cringe
poetry
so i got james watching ghost shows, even though hes a skeptic
he finds this dude on youtube that documents his hauntings in his house,we watch that for like an hour
james goes "this guy has got to be a pisces"
hahahaha what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrfvIr7cfbY
watch this
OMFG
read this
http://www.theonion.com/article/annoying-well-adjusted-friend-even-fucking-meditat-38245
Haaaaaaa
It me fam
Fam ya
Cleaning out my car in this weather haha
Unearthed some crazy stuff from a long time ago
I had frigging scuba equipment in there 
WHAT haha
James is drinking a Jameson on the rocks in Easter garb
nan
This excites me
Omg
I just looked at that
He's a CVD. 
????? hahahaha what
OMG
OMG
WARNING
WARNING
WARNING
Hahahahahaha
Yes
what is theme
where its like
'ive called it kevin;
hahahahahahahahaha
The mandrake root
The carrot
"Ive called it Kevin"
HAHAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
YEAAASHHHH
peiwfhiopwh
HELP
THE MANDRAKE
IVE CALLED IT KEVIN
Hahahaha
It's a mandrake 
Dude james' mom was drunk last night singing hotline blind 
Bling hahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
HOTLINE
BLIND
BLIND
I LOST it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LAUGHIBG OUT LOUD
BLIND
i know when that hotline blind
that can only mean one thing
i made a mistake with acid in the lab
Oh no
What happen
ii just watched a video
and i want to cry
it was a harpy eagle
abducting a sloth from his tree
and eating him
Omg
No
NO
NOOOOOOOO
DAMNED HARPIES
HE WAS SO LITTLE
AND
omfg
omfg
WINGED WHORES
omfg
hahahhahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahha
WINGED WHORES
SHRIEKING HARPIES
Hahahahaha
That's like
The beast and the harlot
The sloth is the beast
oh no
Obvi
im about to listen to that
no lie
i am
SHES A DWELLING PLACE FOR DEMOOOONS
hahahahahahaha
SHES A CAGE FOR
EVERY UGLY SPIRIT
EVERY FILTHY BURDEN
i think that's close
hahaha
Something along those lines
it's a nice melody
whatever
It is fuck it
HAHAHA
IT STRIPS HER AND LEAVES HE NAKED
Im picking up a bicycle 
niiiiice
Queue Queen
what
hahaha
somone commented
with 60 ups
Damian Kenney5 months ago (edited)
Back when rev was still killing the drums. R.I.P to those talented hands
THE REV
Who's that
Haha
the emo drummer from avenged sevnfold
Oh yea haga
The rev
I just got done riding my new bike
It kicked my ass bro
It's a mountain bike 
nan
Nice piece of equipment 
The bike is cool too tbh
Hahahahaha
good bike
yes like
Did u see my joke
Pls see it
I did.
but I chose to ignore it, to punish you.
"bike cool to tbh"
go off and be happy in your stupid relationship and make cute jokes about it
RIGHT AT ME
KEEP GOING PLEASE
THIS IS SOUNDIGN IN INTENTIONALLY SEXUAL
THATS WHAT SHE SAID
HAHAHAHA
I'm really sorry 
I just have no friends 
And no one to talk about my cute boy to 
So I talk about it to you
I was drunk in kroger last night
and I saw two cute boys holding hands
and I hissed at them
I have become a cynic
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
like I felt like liberated
i was like
I AM AN ANIMAL
I HISS
MY RAGE IS UNTETHERED AND KNOWS NO BOUNDS
youre a real Dennis
You know that
You'd think you'd be mac
But you're obviously dennis
(Joke)
WHaA
oh my god
i just wartched that clip
hahaha
Yes hahaha
Did u watch the nu ones
Tell me about wellbutrin
Or welbutrin
Whatever 
I have seen the first three
Still getting isaac used tobthe comedy. You have to look at them all as insane people with diagnoses hahaha
Yes hahaha
Dennis is borderline lolol
he is
lol
Welbutrin
Tell me about it
i am larry braverman
Shayn Davis
Just now  
I`am a trash person. I`am a sociopath,and this status is not an apology,it's a warning.
I`am a threat to every community.
I will preach love,acceptance and "spiritual awakening",but the depth and sincerity only has to do with the highs I seek, the people who can procure it and people who will enable my actions.
I`am a known addict and it has NO bounds .
I will betray good hearted people,I am known to ask underage girls to prostitute for drugs ,because I believe adulthood happens when mammary glands develop.
Being a addict is a disease,but my deficiencies go further than addiction, it's a lack of moral and grit. 
A lack of basic principles just to be a decent person .
I have no morals and will put anyone in harms way without consideration as long as there is personal gain .
So this is your warning , at the end of the day I'm a addict , pedophile, liar and thief .
I lack the ability to feel !
So this is me saying 
I'M NOT SORRY!
OH MY GOD
Whaaat the fucj
He's gone off the deep end
Even more so than before
I wonder if he wrote that or someone else
I don't see it on his profile 
i dont care anymore, moving on.  he is trash.  so happy i stopped letting him abuse me
ive been watching rihanna's video fro work onr epeat since yesterday
YES
Have you seen the vid of the baby pig dancing to it 
Nooo!
Will watch when I get home!!
Go to leas fb. She stole it from me. Its perfect lmfao
Good
Hahaha okay. I love that song so much 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_qxkwp46Z0
So the Shayn thing
Give me info
It's eating at me
that's all he said
people were like
"i was right to exit your life"
and then he went on about being a psychopath and a monster who loves little girls
it was...
werid
What the fuck.  And he deleted it?
yep
Who was commenting? 
i sent it to you  instantly with that fear
When was this? 
last night around 11
That almost makes me physically ill
Like it's been bothering me all day
collin meadows
remember him?
Yes
hes going to be my neighbor
interesting
i barely remember him though
yea hes not very memorable haha
makes awkward jokes
watching nicki videos
i want to be her
same
did u watch the work piglet
No let me, hold on
on my facebook
No longer available. Copyright. Fascist pigs. 
just posted
i know
Saw it on yer fb
So kyoot
work work work work work
LOL
FASCIST PIGS
Hahahaha
how did it take that long
I don't know lolol Id forgotten about it 
no
me getting the joke
wow
we both suck
I know hahaha that's what I was referring to
Just you suck
I'm good
FUCK YOU
HAHAHA
HAHAHA
got dam
it do.
It do fam
wanna hear something absolutely hilarious
my friend  was describing someone he was involved  with that moved away as having "gone insane"
and I asked how so?
he said "first off"
"He posted a ten minute video of his roommates "making noise" that was completely silent."
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
THATS WONDERFUL
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I knew youd get it
Thank you 4 that
last night I needed you to say "stop looking"
hahaha
HAHA
i had a psychotic break and punched a wall and almost destroyed everything in my apartment
due to
what i think was a psychotic break
but i kept looking around
LOOKING
You punched a wall? 
What the hell man hahahaha
yeah i sorta lost it
i havent been on my meds
lol
Remember when Sam Campbell got mad at her mom and kicked a hole in the wall of their kitchen
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
YASSSSS
Shortly thereafter her mom started smoking again 
LMFAO
I wonder what ever happened to her
i don't.
HAHA
Looool
Yea me too actually 
Man I got this vape juice
Called blow 
niiiiiiice
And it's like a blowpop
YES
YUM
Blue razz on the inhale, bubblegum on the exhale 
Amazing hahaha
So
Why did you have this break
omg
that statement
Yes lolol
My lizardson 
Don't ever talk to me or my lizardson ever again
OMG
You win todays prize 
fanks b :3
i love that you commented on my meme today also i chuckled
good!
kim k looks silly with blonde hair
js
i dont like it
thank you
hahaha
kanye is ruining a good thing
its like I KNOW HER better than she does
HE IS
AND COINCIDENTALLY
he needs to fuck off
KIM IS TOO
he has gotten so bad
lol
shes just a weird art project for him
and yes he is terrible
whats that song
" i miss the old kanye"
so terrible
HAHA
yep
she fuckin is
which is twisted
theyre spiraling into the flames of oblivion
im still upset about the hair
she had such good hair
tbh
she did!
it was voluptiuuous
untamed
long and dark
thick
thick
yes
thick
hahaha
'thick'
i cut all my hair off
i was emo for a bit
no
i loved it
bebe no
hahaha
i had a fringe i could put in my mouth
i like yer hir
all ways
i want to wastch the kardashians
and i a;mpst types
"wash"
so that says soething
hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAH OMFG
So dirty
Wash em
SLEUDIAN FRIP
Im comin back for almost two weeks next month
Watching Lord of the rings
GOOD
Just watched all of the hobbits
Lotr is better
Haha
MY OPINION 
I loved the hobbit 
It is good 
Not gonna pretendd it isnt haha
nan
Hahahaha krabs
Behind the concession
Plotting his oppression
KRRRRAAAAABZZZZ
(Faint hiss)
omg
this image
nan
HAHA ACCURATE
RIGHT LOL
"WHICH TYPE R U?!"
"3 duh"
I'm the white rapper 
i know
hahahahahahahahaaha
So I'm googling 
About
Why the sex I have sucks now 
And I want to cry
That I'm googling that
i am sorry
i just laughed a little
but
wow
that's unfortunate
what happened?
I started loving here, and we started having sex less and less. Now it's like once every three days, where it was normally once or twice a day
Now its for like twenty minutes, used to be like an hour 
oh wow
so
And it's just sort of awkward almost 
could it be the overexposure/familiarity?
I don't know 
Here's what I'm thinking 
I used to function super well when we had sex 
Then I stopped a few months ago, started getting stuck in my head again
It almost feels like because I was doing so well and now I'm not, he might be thinking that it's a waste of time because I'm not getting where I used to, and he may be blaming himself 
I don't know 
But I want to cry about it
it sort of seems like that reason is a stretch, i'm sure it's not that
maybe like
have a conversation about it?
but first figure out the best way to word this
haha
Yea I guess I don't like approaching stuff like this with words. I'm afraid I'll get my feelings hurt. 
yeah i understand
but i think that may answer the question more than google can. google wiill just give you anxiety. haha
just think about how you're gonna word it well before hand maybe?
idk
 My fear is that 
He will be like, what are you talking about 
The sex is fine 
OH no
And then I'll be the alienated Jack ass
that's actually sort of a scary thought, and I often have i before addressing mutual concerns.
like they won't even see it
Right 
Then he'll get his feelings hurt 
Or something 
But it seems like our communication has broken down or something 
Or not even that 
Weve just stopped talking about our feelings 
Which scares me because it almost seems as if he doesn't particularly have feelings to address
He seems fine 
Okay so
It seems like you have like a lot of really important concerns about the relationship. I feel like you may need to just pick his brain about all of these.
or you'll just fall into anxiety and it will suck
I'm not sure
he has to see at least one
Yea :/ I just really like this relationship but at the same time I'm not going to settle because there are dudes who would treat me like a queen 
yes && yes
And I don't want to be a bitch about getting what I want but I feel like I'm not asking much
i feel like it's not much
I want him to do this Molly with me because he really opens up when we do but he says he doesn't want to and we've had it for over a month 
But he still does adderral every once in awhile 
It's hard being with another addict 
Because you know how they ate
Are
why won't he do it?
Because he says it makes him feel tired and foggy
Afterwards
But he drinks every night....
oh my gosh
ok
i totally thought he'd done it with you and been fine
that's why I was confused
i mean he basically is fine
i think hes just being whiney
also
i love azealia banks
so much
GOOOOOOOD
YESSSSSSSSS
she's so good dude
i LOVE HER
SO MUCH
shes a witch
haha
HAHA yep
I should have started my period last week, took a pregnancy test, not pregnant. Feel irritable and nauseous 
Not like me 
hm
i think that stress could be a huge part of this
That's possible but my heart rate is pretty damned good recently, resting, that is 
It's gone down a lot 
I'm just sad and feeling unfulfilled 
Like James doesn't take me to dinner, we don't go anywhere 
He won't leave the house 
Like, look at this. Yesterday I asked him to go to Ben's birthday thing with me and he NEVRR goes to family things with me, and this is how he reacted
nan
he seems depressed
Yesterday he said he felt tired 
You think he's depressed?
He started talking welbutrin 
"For focus"
And he took stratera "for focus" and it made him unable to perform sexually so he sent it back 
He was an addict so they won't give him amphetamines 
honestly
that could cause depression
Hm...but he's always prancing around, making weird noises, singing, quips and puns, etc 
He doesn't seem depressed unless he's always been depressed
that's an interesting question to ask, to be honest
How would I even ask that 
And I don't think he would ever admit to not being perfect 
OMG this makes sense.  I read his journal. He wrote five entries right before he met me and the weekend he met me and then nothing else. 
And they were pretty depressing. Until I came along.
Also JAMES IF YOUVE MASTERED NETWORKING TO THE POINT OF GETTING INTO MY PHONE THEN HA IVE GOTTEN YOU BEAT
IM SCREAMING!!!
Omg
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahahahaha
Anyway
The entries were like
In one he hung out with his Junkie ex, ashtin. The one I ran into when she was pulling out of his driveway 
He was like, she hung out with me but she was distant.  Made me feel even more weird than I know I already am. 
Etx
Then in one he's like, did some stuff on the dock today, feeling kind of anxious, lonely tonight and then put a sort of sad face at the top of the page 
I feel like a literal demon for telling you this but whatever I need your help because I care about him and I don't know what to do 
yeah i mean
you don't know what else to do
i think you're fine
I'm gonna ask him if he's feeling okay when he gets back home 
that's a good idea
Like, I'm looking at this poster of all the things he's done and his plane tickets and stuff and they just are not representative of who he is
At least as I know him
yeah
that would raise an eyebrow for me
if that part of him was there
you'd have seen it by now right??
Exactly. He wrote in his journal that I invited him twice to go to Ohio with me but that he declined because he doesn't leave his house
It sounded sad
:(
That sounds very sad
Like what
Why doesn't he leave
ihave no idea. thats hard to figure. idk
dude
so watching new bobs burgers
Louise dressed up as ryan gosling from drive for halloween
Whaaat
No
That's amazing 
i am getting off topic
but they do a ghost hunting thing too
where they ghost hunters are using equipment
and they go
"we're picking something up. Could be a cellphone. Or a microwave. An an Am radio. But likely it's a ghost"
It's a very good season
HAHA
Ive been watching wilfred
I can't decide if i like it
I didn't like it a couple of years ago. Love it now. Relates to my life. And Wilfred is hilarious
I should give it another try
Do! The twists are getting really good and they're trying to figure out why Ryan sees Wilfred
Now I feel depressed
Fuuuuck
what happened?
just random?
His mom wore me out being drunk and making me go outside with her and having dinner with them took it out of me. I just want to move into my condo. 
how much longer do you have to go?
We sign on it Tuesday. Gotta finish the floor and paint, finish the kitchen. Maybe another month.
agh
that's not SO bad
but it still seems long
Yea it's just been weird not having a permanent home most of my life
And now I'm about to have one
i know
and i'm so glad
It's very exciting but I can't really mentally actualize it 
i know what you mean sort of
hi
Hi dere
whats up frand
Watching tpb season 10
Yous?
LOOKIN FOR REVEEEENGE
just wok up from a million hour nap
Oh damn welcome to April then
april game swagger strong
the name of this page
Hunter Armstead liked this.
Like Page

I play KORN to my DMT plants, smoke blunts all day & do sex stuff
you criticized me once for this
hahaha
I wasn't criticizing
I was recognizing
Duh
Lolol
I'm on Netflix going through titles
And I see the Flintstones movie 
And I'm thinking, Betty Flintstone 
Who the hell is that
And then it hit me
ITS JENNA MARONEY
WHAT
Go look and see b
ok
omfg
Told ya
https://www.facebook.com/SpiritGuide2016/?pnref=story
god bless america
I saw this
GOD
WHY
I almost had a rage stroke
the cast is like
shayn
joe knight
travis
WHAAAT
I did too
I felt so much disgust 
I want to comment on there and be like 
what trash man
Good to see you rehabilitating the local junkies
OH MY GOD
IM SCREAMING HELP
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
CHIST DUDE
THATS THE CAST
"from the crazy kids that brough the opioid epidemic to charleston, thinks steven universe is an *important show*, comes THE SPIRIT GUIDE "
I'm posting that
Can I post that
yes
Please
Hahahahahahaha
I will lose it
Wait u do it 
from the laffs
They might come for me 
HAHAHAHAHHA
OH NO
I have distance on my side
they can't get me
but
they can enchant me
magic has no bounds
I want to but they knowbmy car
And they're  junkies
I drank last night and came so close to posting it
and then the anxiety that they know me through a degree of separation set in
Hahaha they can't do anything to you 
Ill like it if you do
Hahahaha
i'm still on the fence~
this is a big deal
do they no curses
They don't know shit bruh and they aren't even going to see it I bet
Too high for facebook
Somehow
Travis is the grossest of all of them
I need you to start this podcast. I jsut started it again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=barhR-i_Ak8
What is it?
night vale. I mentioned over chrismas but I forgot how actually good it was
it's like a weird radio broadcast thing
about a town
in the desert
with aliens
and paranormal shit
but it's really funny
I'll maybe check it out. I find it hard to focus on podcasts 
me too
not this
lol
this is the only one i like tbh
Well okay then lol. Trying to back up my phone, can't message until I set up messenger on my tablet 
gotcha
nan
How INSANE is thus 
This
WHAT
Yep.
Both dads. Dead 
Jesus 
I know dude. I was tripping. Still sort of am. Had to text my dad and tell him I love him lolol
have you seen season 5 of bobs burgers
I KEEP watching it
I watched an episode. Not as funny as a lot of other shows.  I can't get super into it.
Interesting
haha
Sorry bub. Been watching SNL from 2013 hahaha
okay well there is no contest there
The keys on my lab PC stopped working and the touchscreen keys won't type either so I'm locked out when I have assignments to do 
Not thrilled about it haha
in the lab?
can you ask to have it fixed?
Like if it's in there, it's not your responsibility to fix it
haha
It's the laptop. I have it at home haha
AH
ok
scratch that
baha
Yea and I can't find the Xbox remote because James just installed a Blu-ray instead and I'm sitting here like
What do I do with myself 
My laptop keys don't register 
They just open shortcuts
What the hell is that
Also what if you put super glue in a flashlight 
LOOOOOOL
FLESH
DAMMIT
FLESHLIGHT
HAHAHAHA
funny both ways
HOLY SHIT
Yes it is hahahahaha
Wut
glue in a flashlight
like
not the worst thing
but it probably isn't a good thing
Right hahaha like
The verdict is still out on that one 
WHERE THE HELL IS THE REMOTE
HAHAHA
WHAT
Guess I have to get acquainted with this "new" "bluray" "device"
"hashtag" "no"
i honestly
like could not tell you the first thing about a bluray
I have never used one
lmfao
He got a blueray device and the box set of GOT season five 
Like, woah there, playboy
that's a good deal
HAHAHA
Calm down 
PLAYBOY
and other 90s dad jokes, playboy
Man I swear I've been spittin nothing but comedy gold recently 
that was solid haha
Cept for that one, that was admittedly not funny
But
I digress
I respect the effort.
You had a vision.
I did have a vision 
And it was frightening 
There were feathers in my hair 
I played guitar while he sang Lou reed
I was high on hydroponic weed
NO
WAIT
Go fig
THIS IS LANA
OR NO
Hahahahahahaha
WHO IS THAT
Yes
IS THAT LANA
It is
HAHAHAHA
I made it *my* story 
these are *our* stories
Yes "my stories"
those shows that say that
Bill hader though 
GOD
James has the white version of Frederick Douglass hair 
yes
i miss him
^^^^^^^
Idc whats real and whats not
But the way this image text is phrased 
nan
"The laws of nature confirm"
"Science says"
Hahahahhaaha
Yes lawd
Yes
You seen that shit? Psychology says... science says...
DOES SHE
Yea she do
Danke shoen
Maybe she wont, but then again maybe she did nine eleven
Maybe it's maybelline
My dad had a tic when i was a kid that caused him to sing that loudly 
....are you serious 
Please say yes
Yes
My god that's insane hahahahaha
I love that 
he also had a tic
where he exlacimed
How is someone so crazy so good at getting away with shit
well
sang
"pour me another cup of coffee" from the song "truck driving man" I believe
You've told me this hahahahaha
You said he sang it at like
Some terribly timed moment 
While chaos was happening 
YES
Tell me
AND ALSO SHOUTED THE N WORD
WHAT
OMG
BUT HE COULDN'T HELP IT
AND WOULD ALWYAS BE LIKE
"MY FRIEND DALE IS BLACK"
I'MNOT A RACIST
My god that's great hahahaha
he was
but still
it was embarrassing
Is that tourettes
he also had to make a karate chop sound and kick his leg out before getting in the car
no
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
yeah
hahahaha
KARATE CHOP SOUND HAHAHAHA
LIKE
HYYYYYAAAA
but really fast
and it sounded more like he was saying soy sauce, but as if he was saying "HAIIYAAA"
it was horrifying
we didn't discuss it
Does he still do this 
You didn't discuss it
Hahahahahahagaga
my sister says he does the car thing
I WAS UPSET BY IT
HAHAHAHAH
DID I TELL YOU ABOUT
WHAT THE FUCK
"you wanna a fresh one????"
i think i did
YES YOU DID
HAHAHAHAHA
I'm glad I didn't meet him as a child 
I would have freaked out
rightly so dude
the few people that did meet him were not pleased that they did
he's like a meme of a businessman
like always looking busy, but with nowhere to go
BAHA HE IS
randomly talking on his phone
with a bluetooth
the dad of wallstreet 
to his cousin
Omg
I'm dying
I cant
he drove a used mercedes for a while
before he could afford one
because he wanted to drive a Mercedes
we all laughed at him
it was from like 1989 and was a bad investment
OMG
HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW RESEARCH ON LSD
I'm dying
BTW
No
Tell me
so I read some of the paper
and basically the neural networks in your brain on lsd, most closely resemble that of a disorganized brain of a 2 year old; everything interacts with EVERYTING. speech contributes to taste, touch contributes to sight
all of this awesome stuff
AND
they are citing definitive uses for clinical depression i believe
the first real study with healthy controls i've ever seen
THAT'S amazing
Who did this
some british dweebs
Actually gotta watch season 5 GOT with the fam because I can't be antisocial
But that's amazin
Ok enjoy
Still love ketamine btw
Later bruh
I just remembered #drakegoals
yes lol
putting the buckeye in a biology presentation
#solidarity
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
YAAAAAS
but jesus #solidarity lol
nice
right lolol
dude i like
spent four hours in the woods today
digging up truffles, or trying to
lucky
then came home and ran a mile
that sounds like a great day
ive been #active
#ACTiVE
that's awesome
sorry i needed to hear it in riff rafffs voice
hes gonna be in morgantown
or maybe he was
def this month
haha
WHAT
GOOGLING
yep the 29th
wow
right haha
proably not going
same
but for some reason
i got excited still
idek y
wait i just realized that we are normal peopl that like riff raff. his actual fanbase is horrifying.
well, arguably normal for the sake of my point
yea his normal fanbase
is eli massy
YEP
THAT IS SO ACCURATE I HAVE TO GO LIE DOWN FOR 45 MINUTES
NO
AN HOUR A FULL HOUR.
but yes that
HAHA
solid
#solid
sometimes i just feel like craig but it ok
#solid####
i gotta finish categorizing these species photos
16 in
got to do 50
y tomorrow night
lolol
SHIT
good luck lol
thanks lol
interesting
not in a bad way
hey
what is
hello
you are in a facebook official relationship
yes haha
was sitting here and i was like
hey b, will you be my faceook boyfriend
i saw that and was like, the grand change.
HAHAHA
and hes like, what? you mean change my relationship status?
yea, that
"okay"
OF FUCKING COURSE THATS HOW THE DECISION WAS MADE
lololol
WOW haha
we like to *commuicate*
that's #good and #robust
i like it
samesies
been up on adderral
i was wondering
lol
we get some like once every month or two
stay up late
continue life
i am up late
u r
no adderal
but
class tomorrow?
my throat almost closed and i broke out in hives because im so allergic to leas cat, so im on high dose steroids, which has made me real manic
yes
at 9
lolol
i remember taking steroids once
hype ya up like cray
yes
i think im allergic to cats
and im all jittery and anxious i dont like it
yeah
i knew i was when i was kid
here
but i wasnt for a while then i am now
http://www.buzzfeed.com/alexfinnis/times-the-office-made-you-weep#.ge2kqKMYRn
enjoy
OH GOD THAT FIRST ONETHE FEELS
oh yeeea bebe
i want to have a 100 kids so no one can say no to being my friend
the true psychology of michael scott unveiled
i love that haha
the kicker: " I can't believe you came "
they could not have pulled off the steve carell come back ANY better. perfect lol
i know dude
like
*tears up*
das my life
it's like all of my children grew up, and married each other. it's every parents dream.
hahahaha
yes
need to watch some office soon
samesies
also
i've decided that i'm going to say samsies sometimes, but not always
i see that now
hahahaha
yes
hahaha
in my head ive started saying to myself
"to be totes honny"
like
totally honest
oh boy
but tom haverford
OMG
YES
his vernacular
zertz
chicki chiki parm parm
that's honestly a good one lol
like, to be totes honny, i love talking like that
obviously i just tried to think of a nice playful little tom haverford phrase
and failed
chicki chicki parm parm
james talks like tom
a lot of the time
HAHAHA
we call sandwiches "Sammies"
spinach is "spin"
I do that hahaha
spin
hahah
spaghetti is "spag"
ok now you're just cutting off the ends
hahahaha
you know in master of none
how they interact
Yes
aziz and his gf
I LOVE them haha
thats basically how we are
i swear
that's pretty hilarious
haha
instead of "boo" we say "b"
i swear
"b bear"
"b's knees"
etc
b bear
yea lol
and the b is for
ted cruz is the zodiac killer
i was talking about this earlier
and b is like
ambiguous
but sort of stands for babe
yeah
or whatever you want it to
that's what I gathered
it's like
just vague enough to mean what ever you want, but specific enough to be personal
yes exactly.  its like a blank term of endearment
its nice
it sort of is
it's good
its nice and good
the other day my TA called me 'dude' so
that's where i am
nice and good
hahaha
hahahaha
i love my TA
haha yeah?
yea dude he's from nepal
his name is lav
i have to correct him in class sometimes
but i think he understands
hahahah
the other day mine had us watch the trailer for dr strange and then wrote his full name on the board and said to add him on facebook
HAHA
oh god
hahahaha dr strange lololol
then he asks
if we know benedict cumberbatch
so no one speaks and obviously i have to
i was like
no lie
"is he the alien from sherlock"
he was not amused
and yes dr strange...yeah
hahahaha
the alien from sherlock
looool
hahahahaha
yeah
the kid beside me was cracking up. I was just sort of like...eh ya win some you lose some. whatever
ive got 24 of my slides done
on 26 to go
is that impressive or should you have done more? I need to respond appropriately but I don't know the intensity of the project
haha
ill show you
ok neat
whats your gmail again
amt2893
sent
check it out
i took all the photos
wow, those are really nice images
spent some time in the woods haha
identified it all myself
that's awesome
im getting better every day!
takes practice
yeah i would imagine
it looks like tedious work though
it is but i enjoy iy
gonna take some photos of e. coli and stuff toorrow
and put that on there
hahaha
YAAAAAS
im gonna take some hydroxyzine and try to get ready for bed lol
lab work tomorrow
haha yeah i should do that...and ahhh hydroxyzine makes me drowsy lol
well goodnight
yep iz 4 sleepin
night night bub
dude
the worst thing happened to me
jesus
yas
tell
so i told you i started getting really allergic to leas cat, like hives and tourble breathing, i think
but
i had to take steroids for that
turns out
yes i know
and?
what happened
that interacts with bipolar disorder, i had a complete meltdown yesterday, and now i have 7 stitches in my hand and i think i attacked isaac and my other friend, and i think i stole from a connivance store . they tried to forcibly admit me to the psych hospital. but instead they just took me off the steroids. This was all leas fault. I told her some time ago that if i'm on steroids for long bad things will happen, and she didn't listen, and not my hand is cut open and i have no recollection of the past two days
i literally had severe mani and roid rage essentially
according to the doctors
all lea had to do was send her cat home
i'm in such a shitty spot
jesus man
leas a bitch
thats terrible
she didn't even believe my hand was cut
she made me show her the stiches
and then said like
what the fuck
well she made excuses as to why she couldn't go
she faked sick yesterday and didn't go
went to her bfs house
and thats how i ended up here
she's the worst
give the cat up for adoption
while she is away
i mde her drive it to cleveland tonight
no lie
it's fuckin gone
ONLY AFTER I SHOWED HER A BLOODY WOUND
like
woah
is that really what it takes
is it gone for good?
yes
awesome
thats fantastic
im so happy for you'
it's a little bitch too
you've met it
lol
yeah me too
i dont like it
fuck that cat
dog spelled backwards is gone
word
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHA
why did i type that
hahahaha
DOG SPELLED BACKWARDS IS GAWWWDDD *RETCHES*
james is watching marilyn manson videos
just felt fitting
HAHAHA
MY GOD
es been back on a MM kick for the past couple of days
the other night i was doing smoething on my laptop
and he puts headphones on
and i hear THE LOUDEST HEADPHONE MUSIC
and it
HAAHHA
marilyn manson
like
oh manson
how does he identify with MM
i dont get it
how could any intelligent being identify with that music
its not terrible music
its just
dramatic
also
new season of unbreakable
it's bad
I wanted to die
.....
what
it's awkward and like, lacking a lot
I was so excited
are you serious
i couldn't finish the season
oh my god
i just watched the first ep with james earlier
i liked the first episode
which is why i kept watching
im gonna check it out
but it gets...bad
and see how it goes
hahaha
just keeo watching and decide
haha
wish me luck!
post hence, good luck
um
i accidentally just
"kimmyfied" my netflix
pardon
hahaha
there was a button
oh god
and i clicked it figuring out what it does
hhaaha
and it turned my netflix all sparkly and purple
wow, that's gay.
yea
it really is
well, here goes
hahaha
haha
wow its bad
yeah
i know
: /
well im laughing
ill see how it goes
titus found vaping
i started watching again
he goes
"what the hell is a vape? what in the world?"
Hahahahaha
Is it worth watching more
Please say yes
there are some real good moments
she writes a song about a bunny and a kitty
it's terrible
it's still pretty awkward
Titus IS the good moments 
but i would watch moree
HE IS ALL THAT IS AND EVER WILL BE
i mean he's the best character
He is, bar none 
I don't know what bar none means 
But I can use it from hearing it in conversations
I'm a real Michael Scott sometimes 
#amactuallywatchingtheoffice
hahahah
it just means without a doubt or something
i think
yo uare good at that
Yea I'm not very well read but I actually participate in conversations like people read books 
Haha
haha
i watched the flintstones movie
Oh my
How is iy
It
no like the classic one iwth john goodman
hahaha
YES
JOHN IS A GOOD MAN
I love it still turns out
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHA
nan
HAHAHA WHAT
What does it mean when someone describes geckos as bomded
Napping sorry 
Vut
Bonded*
It means 
Its copl
They tolerate each other and will mate
Lok
Why?
For sale 
What kind?
Leopard 
Ohhh.  Male and female adults? 
Yes
They normally don't "bond"
Lol
Let me check on the sexes again
You thinking about getting them? 
Yes
That would b rad
I have the technology 
Hahaha yes 
I went on a hike today 
Biggest I've ever been ob
Was out there from 8, found the car again at 2
Oh my gosh
Haha
With my tree-man Prof and magic the gathering state champ research partner, Mickey 
Both are likely autists 
But I found a cool snake
nan
Petco is trying to sell isaac two 10 year old leopard geckos and said theyll live 20 years 
Lie
They possibly could
Never know lol
 They were dropped off by a breeder
Yesterday
Omg
Whaaat
Morphs?
Im not sure
Ill get more info tomorrow
Were gonna get them i think
Do it!!!
Give them cute names 
Tots will 
Recs foe geckos care? Leopard more specifically. I know crested care like the back of my hand but not leopard 
Haha well a big heat pad, they both need a hide, also a humid hide. Ask if they eat mealworms or crickets 
I figured that much.
thank ya
this site
uses an algorithm made by data scientists
to estimate when GOT characters will die
https://got.show/
Omg
No way
yep.
i am so excited to have a lizard son
did I tell you the circumstances that allowed for this?
hahaha
Tell me
my friend played this prank
where she sent me a box
get this
on 420
I was SO HIGH
with holes poked in it
and I was so terrified there was a live animal inside
on the sides was sheet music, containing the tune to rock lobster i later realized
after what felt like an hour of agonizing, isaac helped me open the box, only to find a lobster, ALIVE, with a rock between it's claws
I was tasked with the following....
"Kill it and eat it, or see if you can figure out how to save it"
OBVIOUSLY i wanted to save sarah langosta
that's her name (pours one out for the homie)
we rushed to petsmart
isaac spends like, 120 bucks on supplies to house her
we get back
and realize she is dead, has died in the chlorinated water we used to keep her wet
so we had 120 bucks credit at petsmart
petco, whatever
HAHSJSJS
COLLEGE
isn't that the best prank though
like
seriously that was good
i felt like a liam neeson or something. i was like WHAT CAN I DO WITH *MY* SKILLS TO FIX THIS
it was like a saw game
LIVES WERE AT STAKE
What do I name him! i can't do this
isaac has grown attached to the crickets hunter
hahaha
send me a photo
Ok
nan
awwww
i dunno what to name them
leave them alone for a bit though
let the acclimate
I am.
I havent bothered them since introducing the new environment
They gave us a 55 gallon tank for free
Lol
THATS HUGE
haha
its MASSIV3
thats large haha
theyll love it
nan
wheres the heat pad?
There is one under the other side, isaac put the other...beneath the GLASS enclosure for the crickets...
okay haha
Im so mad
Hes feeding them oats
do they have paper towel or something underneath them>
lolol oats
carrots will be better tbh
For the crickets
?
yerp
Interesting 
yessss
they like
I named him Finley
I like it!
caesar is molting
what is the procedure fo this again?
Do they have a humid hide
Also it is called shedding 
Hahahaha
I KNEW THAY
Isaac said i was wrong
Lolol
How can i make it more humid?
Its a pretty massive log type thing
Get a Tupperware thing, cut a hole in it, fill it halfway with moist paper towels, or eco earth if you don't want to worry about mold 
Got it. 
So like
They are attached at the hip, always. Its so fascinating 
Haha that's awesome. Little love gecka
Gecka
so our crickets are already copulating
I am little scared of how this is gonna go
haha
i have him set up in a little tupperwear thing with eco earth, water, heating pad
good! im so happy :D
im glad you guys love your new bebes
also, josh just informed me that he wrote a poem about me
and that it is
"FILTHY"
and that i may not want to read it
but now i do so i can vomit and laugh
im reading it and screaming
oh gos
i should not have ever started reading this
i would never show this to ANYONE
OH GODSDDDDD
Hahahahaha
It was so bad
So so baf
Bad
my lizard son is so cute, and I am so proud of him for this
have you taught them about the different contraceptive options they have
be a responsible parent
you dont want your children to have babies together
thats gross
I will have the talk after caesar (say zar is how i say it and i don't think it's appreciated) is finished shedding
HAHAHAHA YES
Nick kroll reference?
Please 
...maybe...
Youre slick
HAHA YES
I literally tried yesterday for the first time in a very long time to watch that on Hulu 
But James got rid of his hulu account 
Hahaha oh no why
I don't know maybe because he only watches game of thrones 
Lmfao
I miss that show
Isaac hates scifi fantasy stuff 
Sigh 
I used to lol
ITS ON TOMORROW
nan
HAHA OMG YES
LIZARDS 4 BERNIE
lil say zar is like 3/5 done shedding
if you think about it
they are LITERALLY feeling the bern
bahaha
my goodness
hunter, do you know anyone in columbus or he surrounding ohio area who is into geckos and/or breeds leopards?
All kinds of people lol. Why?
Isaac wants one more. He's very into this. He wants a menagerie. Im okay with it. 
Well okay lolol
The ones from breeders are gonna be a little more pricey, and most leopards don't cohabitate
Males can't be with males, youngins can't be with oldins
I figured that much just from your talking about it haha 
Maybe hell change his mind anyway 
who is gonna watch them when you guys are gone?
Isaac is only in one class this semester. Im only gonna be back home a week and hes still here during that time and when i get back to cbus i can watch them
oh okee doke then
I have talked isaac out of another gecko for now 
just try these two first lol
I dont think he wants to understand that they arent as social as hed like and that our situation is sort of an anomaly 
Yeah
I said that
Lol
https://www.facebook.com/Nerdswithvag/photos/a.181353491953852.43452.175207162568485/987382741350919/?type=3&theater
hahaha yes
I got out one of th geckos for a bit
SO much more social than any leopard gecko i have handeld before, which granted is not many, but still it was neat
A lot of them will be that way if they are cared for and loved.  It's weird lol
nan
idk why i linked that instead of the image
https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfa1/v/t1.0-9/13062236_606919216141405_2410216847573677140_n.jpg?oh=997a9df180e98cd829a7de9dae9c2ade&oe=57C0A521
I shared that on fb a long time ago and I love it 
I'm eating a salaf
a salaf
Yes
i'm in the lab
Salad with a speech impediment 
no one is here
i watched a video of the guy who plays dr whos husbands penis
thats today
What 
That makes little sense
i know i was wording it to be intentionally confusing
I saw a link for like
john barrowman takes facebook video in pool, acidentally exposes husbands penis
i looked around me
saw no one
so I clicked it
HAHAHAHA
that's hilarious 
Hahahaha
I'm considering going to pornhub just to see how far i can take this game
kidding
but i think i could
like why is it that this image is funny
it's NOT
https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xlf1/v/t1.0-0/p480x480/13103432_1446727312011217_2504604358113843117_n.jpg?oh=075dcb91c5833f3acabcffb2d4aa944d&oe=57A1B0BF
but it is. I laugh when I see it.
It's the animal.
Hahaha I love that chicken 
me too. It's got that weird blur, due to speed. what a fast chicken
last night i was going through tumblr and found "smel it" by man who is crying and "pancake animal"
HAHAHAHA hahahahahaha
found him
screaming
SCREAMING
SCREAMING
unfriended josh
told him i cant talk to him anymore
PRAISE EEM
Finally
hes literally like
giving me the creeps
i feel like
he deserves to be brutalized
for being so creepy
and gross
and i hate him
and i hate the way he objectifies me
after i read that poem i felt DIRTY
i told james about it, and he was like, youre gonna have to stop talking to that guy
and im like, yea youre right
what a fucking weirdo
hes like
sloth from the goonies
if sloth had rape fantasies about women
OMG
THAT
Holy shit
i messaged him and said
i cant talk to you right now
and he goes
"okay."
"ill be here"
like GROSS
EW
GET OUT
Dont talk to me or hunder, EVER again you paedophile
dont talk to me or my hunder son ever again
*writes tumblr poem*
YES
My hunder son hahahahahah
dude if you read that poem
which is on his PUBLIC BLOG
THAT HE SHOWS EVERYONE
NO
you would literally have a disgust seizure
Its on there?!
yes
I dont want to retch in public
i want to tell him to take it down
Whats his blog link again?
You should 
i sont even want to talk to him
his blog liink is on his fb page
right there
for everyone to see
i want to burn his car down
thats the closest thing he has to a house so
 Im going to vomit man
Thia is
Worse than i
The child thing
Thats like a cannibal corpse song
This is upsettinf even to me
Say he has to delete it
I cant look at it
nan
Didnt it feel like
To me it feela like
Literally rape 
That poem feels like rape 
It was invasive 
Assultive
You didnt give him persmisiosf
It was literary assult
I felt assaulted
And then he told me after
That he had already shown it to some of his friends
Girls obviously but Jesus 
Should I tell him this 
nan
DUDE
I cant believe he doesnt thibk this is a big deal
nan
RAAAAAGE
NEEEEERRRDDD RAGE 
nan
Would you mind refreshing me on frequency of feeding for mealworms and crickets?
Whenever they will eat basically. Once maybe every day or every other day 
one is about 8.5 inches so like two for him, and the other is maybe 7 7.5. still two? and mealworms just sort of whenever?
Two what? Days?  They can eat whenever as long as they aren't getting obese lol
no i mean crickets at a time
I'm trying to this very properly
also while I have you
best place/way to obtain crickets?
They can eat a few at a time haha.  Mealworms are cheaper and easier. Rainbow mealworms has great feeder bug prices. 
thanks BruH
No problemo bruh
sometimes, i feel like everyone i work with, is an IDIOT
IE autist
-kevin malone -michael terranova
AWTISTS
Lolol
I g2g 2 b e d
Goodnight hunder
Lab in da morn
yas
get it
Goodnight Everest
James got his fafsa check even though army pays for his school. I come home to a new 40" TV and this...
hahahaha
asks me how much car payment is
hands me 200 dollars
omfg
hahaha
came home with huge bags of food
got organic garlic powder
we have garlic powder
hes manic or something
hahahaha
omg
hahaha
that's amazing
This is much fun 
the like uv light broke and the temperature is like 60. I can't afford a new one. what do  I do?
you dont need a uv light lol
is there a heat pad?
well whatever kind of light keeps it realy hot
it costed like 120 bucks
haha
there are two
theyll be fine with heat pads haha
petco gotchoo
okay haha
i was just #worried
no worries bruh
geckos are pretty easy lol
yeah i figured so
just needed confirmation haha
wooord
im researching barking geckos
my friend is giving me one
what are those?
i will google it anyway
haha
http://www.reptilesmagazine.com/Care-Tips-For-The-Australian-Barking-Gecko/
they bark
i'm looking for a vid of this
hahaha
awesome, right?
hey important question
hey how does freshmen forgiveness work
Okay
So you can retake any class and have it replaced and your gpa adjusted
BUT
The old grade remains on your record 
Just the new ones affects your gpa instead 
what if i retook a class and failed it the second time
but got a d before
Schools have different policies 
Ask ypur advisor. Id think that they...MIGHT force you to take the. D but you can still retake it for a better grade on your own time
i would happily take the d if the f can be taken off my gpa
Like retroactively? Im sure that's possible 
Like you got a d then an f?
yes
I think you can do ghat, 
that would be fantastic
my advisor didnt know
Do some searching on wvsus site
Maybe you can find it there
If its math just go on to the next course. Low level courses are so hard. Ive known people drop pre college alg
It gets more straightforward 
In the beginning they cover copious amounts
this is pre college alg lol
math 119
im taking 120 next sem
Not surprising that you struggled with it
Those classes are shit
Lol
yea the teacher is a ripe cunt as well
Oh but of course 
hahahaha
im trying to figure out how to cook lamb
its so extensive
seriously
That sounds amazing
it smells like
angels wings
HAHAHA
even as a raw piece of meat
i swear
Angels winfs5
i said we should just form a prayer circle around it and call it done
HAHAHAHA YAAAAS
apparently we can just pan fry it
that's not so bad
haha
i thought it would be more complicated than that
GUESS WHAT I AM DOING TOMORROW
What's that
removing my own stitches
haha
I got the OK
Oh my
On hand?
yep
if i don't do it i think they'll heal in
Well damn take them out then haha 
James is trying to get the sound to work on the new TV 
And is freaking ouy
niooooiiice
Because he can't eat his burrito if he isn't watching this movie 
I feel sad for him haha
hahaha
oh no
I'm so tired 
Huge day
Got paint for my new room 
Strip light for the gecko closet
That's awesome
you'll have to show me your new place
For sure
It's pretty nice 
nan
New floor
yeah, I'll be in monday through the weekend, so if you would like to chill/you and james would like to chill I'd be down for sure
omg
that's so nice dude
those floors are hashtag ill
Hahaha yes 
I've got tests this week and stuff but we can def #chill 
Just a warning 
Yeah i figured so sine the semester is ending
Your house is in shambles 
but how could I not let you know I'm coming in
oh GOD
I don't even want to know
don't tell me
hahaha
Hahaha haha okau
I haven't seen your mom in weeks 
Maybe months 
Haha
Holy hell
lmfao
I haven't been there much but still 
I've got a good bit moved already 
yeah I thought so
moving is a process though
when done correctly
hahaha
Yes it is 
Not only am I moving but we are also renovating a condo 
I know
So it's taking some steps
which is insane work wise
yeah
i figured that much
The bathroom is functional now
that's a step
James and I had to carry the kitchen counter out the other day. Dad built a new one that we have to carry up tomorrow 
Got a nice purple paint for my walls :3
GONNA GO TO IKEA
OMG
YES
IKEA
YES
Gotta go watch hateful 8
L8r
l8r sk8r
When u gon b hur
This evening proly
My mom will be here at 330
Cool beans 
nan
Here you go 
SON OF A DAD
WHAT
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I'm in health class and this is like health education u no
Remember the baby 
Always 
do u think the bby can hear it
Health presentations Michael 
This is the worst thing ever hahahaha
hahahaha
oh GOD
College health class
This dude suggested that to relieve stress you "massage something"
My friend got up and left class to go laugh 
HAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
JUST GENERALLLY
Yes
MASSAGE SOMETIN OK
Stop I'm gonna lose it hahahahaha
nan
bd9
Yes finally omw yaaaas
Jeez took ha long enough haha
Thank god im 29 min away
Haha
This car ride goooodddd
I'm going to bed. Maybe see ya tomorrow
 Nighty night
the rain called me gay
Hahaha. I'm in the lab. Waddap?
crawling out of the void
just chillin
waitin on grades to come in
Oh word lol 
James has got my car, took it to a Subaru place to get it diagnosed
Diagnosed
Lol
Is it suffering from a cancer
Of the muffler
I'm not sure if it's CARcinogenic
OMG
straight #FiRE
yes
Flame sign flame sign "100" 
that
Do you have a car somehow? 
My mother does yah. I can get places haha
I need to move some tanks into my condo if you'd wanna help 
I still don't have my license back here
if i can find a way to help
i will
haha
Well crap, the big tank is in james' car on campus 
oh damn
Im not feeling great, trying to time manage
yikes
yeah
haha
Got sore throat, maybe allergies, not sure 
i feel
yuck
yeah that's no good
I have various tanks around the area that need moved haha
We had this tortoise 
In the lab
i enjoy the concept of the first statement
And it was a gopher tortoise 
Which is endangered 
oh my
We kept it secretly 
Other Hunter's rat to feed his snake got out
And ate through the tortoise 
Through the shell
damn it
So that's a thing 
that's no good
wow
He started throwing shit
He was so mad 
Pretty sure that's where my missing gecko went too
A tat
Rat
Hahaha
A TAT
THEY WERE TATTED
nan
 They was
wow anne perkins, you really know your testes
Hahahaha
nan
I saw this hahaha
Obvi thot of u cause of da endo 
Blowing on that endo GameCube Nintendo 
YAS
OMG
Lol
Still tipping 
i am having bad flashbacks so i heave to leave charleston tomorrow at ten
Bad flashbacks?
I had a bad mental spiral and its this house 
Igots to go
Yea that house isn't good lol
Its got bad spirits
Idk
God
Lol
It's a mess
The environment is trash 
There's animal matter everywhere
Trash piled up
Normally people living in that type of environment are too high to care
Haha
Ahahahahahahhaha
Your apartment is way more organized 
When are you leaving?
Tonight at 1030
Ill be back in august for a month also
Where are you staying then?
Idk man. At this god forsaken place i guess haha
That sounds like a bad idea
Maybe so
I was gonna go on a long camping grip5
Trip
Somewhere in wv
Hm okay.  Think you'd be okay staying the night in the woods?
Yah lol
Isaac would go with me
I miss wv a lot
And you
Just
Not this house
I freaked last time I camped lol
Or my family
Yeah?
Yea I heard coyotes and almost left
Yeah ive been there lol
It was scary 
Right haha 
Well I'd like to see you before you leave 
I'm trying to figure if I can though. I have to write two movie reviews tonight. 
Okay
Well let me know hentaste
Will do, James has a 15 page paper due Friday, we've been doing nothing but school stuff all week. I'm actually excited for finals haha
Haha yeah i get that lol
Oh and matt's dragon is doing so well
Eating all the time 
Fantastic!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H2RSrUcyIE
rami sent me this
and said i would respect it
i can't stop laughing
shayn stars
Oh no
I'll have to watch it with James later 
Hahahaha
Youll LOSE it
Joe knight is some sort of dreaded magi 
Well I knew that already 
*queue laugh track*
Is it the whole.movie?
Yes 45 
Yes
OMG okay
Haha
nan
what is this shit
Three different types of ice. I know this because I am a cocktail enthusiast. 
Hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
'a reaaaaal ICE EATER '
nan
Hahaha
It's harmless b
Tru
#trus
 Hahahaha
I've watched four stand up specials today
Alome
Alone
Who
Patton oswalt, two John mulaney, and iliza Schlesinger 
She's pretty funny
nan
HAHAHAHA YES
Dat boi
I'm sending James fried shrimp and corn emojis
Haven't heard from him in nine hours
HAHAHAHAHA
WHAT
He went to his brothers to put on a new lift kit (woah an extra 2 inches ;)
And I haven't heard from him today 
Since noon
Lift kit. An extra two inches. I just realized how Freudian that is. 
hshahaaha
it is
Goodbye horseeees
Flying over youuu
watch chelsea handlers new show
omg
I just watched nightcrawler and they suggested that afterward 
Like 
????
Haha
HAHAHAHAHA
GOD
Have you seen nightcrawler tho
do i needa
UhhhYES
Gotta take film final 
much luck
Spoiler Jake gyllenhaal is a psycho
Or however it's spelled haha
YES
hahaha
glinjiggle
w/e
bruh
hows finals
and le move
done with finals
just bought a bed
so sleepy
must go back to sleep
I fell asleep in that moment and just woke u0
Haha
how close are you to being totally condo'd out?
I've got to get my bed delivered in about a week or so, put together my desk and chair, move my loveseat in, and move in the fridge and the stove.  Then it will basically be livable until I get my end of summer stipend and can build my PC and put a nicer TV in. 
I'm super freaking excited but it's a tad stressful 
Awesome!!
i was thinking you might not even be that far along due to everything else going on
but that's fantastic
i would be pretty stressed haha
Well I'm lucky that my dad did so much so quickly, all the floor has been laid and the bathroom is put together. He built a new sink and put it in too.  I've already spent everything I can on furniture and have not been able to get a dresser yet but I might use a set of sterilite drawers for now. 
For now
I'm really excited to move in but I'm gonna miss James something awful 
awh :/
yeah
there's that
but there's also
YOUR OWN PLACE
I N D E P E N D E N T
Hahaha yea, I mean my place in Dunbar was okay but Chris was there and, excuse my non PC attitude, was a little pussy bitch 
*pussy bitch 
Is what I meant to say
HAHAHAHA
i am alone in my apartment for two weeks
i have been doing some dancing
Oh hell yea dancing!
Beyonces lemonade
COME ON LADIES NOW LETS GET IN FORMATION
JAMMIN
Is that on Spotify yes
Yet
I'm about to run and need music
nope
Damn haha 
i was listening to nicki and running earlier
I'm listening to spotifys genre bender playlist haha
yesss haha
I want to get a tattoo of the tiny potato
that says
you can do the thing
I like that potato hahaha
No more silly tats for me do
I prolly wont do it
i have gotten two in the past two months
I'm thinking about getting a cover up sleeve on my left arm haha. The Nick Ross tats are SO BAD
which did you get?
god again im so sorry for that
hahaha
like really though
no joke
he is SHIT
but I got this over my left shoulder...
https://twitter.com/terraneuro/status/707374910553890816
this on my hip
https://twitter.com/terraneuro/status/707374910553890816
nope not the same thing
this https://twitter.com/terraneuro/status/726943554002640897
it's c++ code haha
the first one is labor union colors...also anarcho communism
hahahah
Yea ID seen the first one but what's the second code for?
well in c++ when you include like math, or strings, or arrays, you hash (#) include <(library name)> like #include <cmath> which gives you math functions. I left if empty to be like, hey yall, i'm all inclusive
also, unimaginative
i stretched my ears back to 9/16 aagain too, soi can wear plugs
00g was wishful thinking lol
isaac got me plugs with geckos dancing basically
i had to
BAHAHAHAHAHA
youre KILLIN me hahahaha
i've turned him into a lizard dad
OMG gecko plugs 
lemme send you a pic
I'm selling Geckos btw
Show me
we may be interested honestly
we have another encosure
enclosure
lemme show you these
Haha okay, I have three really awesome Geckos 
But show
i may get them for you for your bday or something
brb
My plugs are pretty much gone. I could maybe wear a 4 now haha
Maybe a 2
nan
Hard to zee
That's so cool!!!
I love those!
I love em
What are you selling?
Isaac and i are coming to wv over the summer I think 
Depending on what youve sold 
We could look
I just posted them in a status. Lemme show pictures 
lemme look
i didn't see
nan
Mack snow 
SO PRETTY
nan
RAPTOR girl
Isaac really wants a super giant
nan
we'll see though
Super giant girl 
AWH YES
Hahaha she's awesome 
A little slow/weird with eating but all the SGs I've ordered are
yeah
hm
ok
Until they get really comfortable
what's the cutoff for giant?
like inches wise
or grams
for females about 90 grams
gotcha
not sure about inches but they get pretty long
caesar is pretty damn long
he's the male
but males are bigger no?
ugh you mean
c zar
cay zar
yes males are bigger
hahaha
that's what I thought
so it's hard for me to tell
ther'es one exocitc pet place around here
it's far
so i rely on your knoledge
preferably though
haha
yea oet shops generally dont know sheeit
I KNOW
you have told me this
everyone thinks im paranoid
i dont think dey do
based on your feedback
hahaha no they just want to sell you stuff
yep
duh
what's the best place to find all the info about my astrological signs? (1st through 10 house really specific stuff)
Hmmm well normally I just Google what I want to know.  I'm not sure about the houses. I've looked at my sun, moon, mercury, Venus, etc signs
hello muthafucka hey hi how ya dern
it is weezy f baby
jeremy shanklin waited on james and i at blacksheep today hahaha
WHAAAAAATT
NO
HAHAHA
OMG
he was super nice
james has a bunch of classes with him
and was surprised that like
we knew each other so well
hahaha
he was talking about you
and my moms pancakes
!!!!!!!!
omg
haha
did he delete his fb?
i think so
thats what it looks like
i told him
we need to rewatch our videos
hahahahahahaha
OH CHRIST
that is a day
that will come
eventually
seriously
all three of us
we all will have to face what we have done
i see charlie at school sometimes
hahahaha
he was like
look evil right in its eyes
im so embarrassed
ajajajaja
oh god
charlie
shinouto
whatever
hahaha
CALIENTE
remember when we later realized that was just hot in spanish
tbh
how did we miss that
yes
it was
ms young
who told us that
HAHAHA
YES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y346UwrORgk
here ya go
SHIT MAN
HAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAH
YOU HAD ME GET IN THE BBY SEAT
jeremy
and
THE MASK
I'm about to show james
oh god
Ive been hiding it from him
Hahahahaha
i have hidden this
from everyone
Yes me tpo
Like HIDDEN
SO HARD
i think i'm going to come out soon
you changed the name of the channel
lol
Come out as a YouTube fag hahahaha
hahahahahahahahahah
Did I?
ah
ah
ah
ah
ah
a
THAT STATEMENT
i think
ok
i really dont like this
i'm not feeling good about myself
lol
well
be the change you want to see in the world
apologize to charlie
HAHAHAHA
hahahahahaha
no i'm talking about volunteering to do nonsense
oh yes
and getting slapped around
you did do that
you were
a
masochist
i think i was more desperate to be validating by my peers
hahahahahaha
yea i think so
i just filmed it all
i didnt really participate
jeremy was like
you guys were my puppets
sort of mean sometimes
lol
he was
hes a scorpio
very fake often times
i like jeremy
i noticed it today even
but he was always a little fake
he was being so nice to get a tip hahahaha
like
conditional friends
OMG
hahaha
granted james tipped him 10 dollars
prolly
lololol
oh wow
much generous
right lol
see
capitalism works
i know what you're doing hahaha
OK
haha
i am afraid to watch the other videos
hahahahaha
watch them
and cringe
in one i do a strip tease
i think
you do
and then like
eat a hat
or something
so right now
theres this girl in our kitchen
james has known her for like 15 years
oh wow
we got some "go" from her
some who
shes homeless, carless, methhead
what now
so "go"
lololol
MATH
*e
HAHAHA
*e
but shes pretty nice
and we gave her a bunch of food
a nice salad and stuff
wait so is that the commonplace term for meth now
i need to be sure
hahaha
yes4
"go"
ok
apparently
hahahaha
hm
hahaha
i didnt know either
but theyre talkin bout the olden days
and im like
not a part of this
haha
i wish there was a way
to know when you were in the olden days
before you actually left them
*looks into camera
omg hahahaha
dont do this to me
hahahaha
WE ARE IN THE OLDEN DAYS
RN
FAM
oh god
what am i doing
i dont know main
sitting alone in my apartment. watching internet clips
god
remember when jeremy said "mang" all the tie
IM WASTING THE OLDEN DAYS
YES
hahaha
and everyone said "get chopped"
HOLY
FUCKING
SHIT
AND THEN
AND THENNNNN
WITH THEIR HANDS
they would
"chop"
ACTED LIKE THEY WERE CHOPPING FOOD REALLY FAST, THEN LIKE MADE A "CLEARING OFF THE TABLE MOTION"
HAHH:AHAHAHAHHAHA
they would "chop:"
YES HAHAHAHA
LIKE
PEPPERS
AND ONIONS
YES
GET CHOPPED
wait so
hahahaha
what was that referencing again
also
fyi
fuck
i was typing
and there was a typo
and i got too fixated and forgot what the subatance of the comment was
hahaha
so
i just looked it up and
i didnt realize meth was used for adhd
and narcolepsy
not commonly anymore. it's mostly derivative amphetamines. but yeah, there's a pharmacologically "pure" meth that was and still is used
haha
thats crazy
it felt like
battery acid
like
my eyes were running
oh GOD
hahahahaha
that description
thats what i told them at least hahaha
we were supposed to get aderal
and the dude kept us waiting up last night
didnt come through today
so i was like, meh, lets hit up that one girl
we do this literally noce every month haha
aderal would have been a better bet
lmfao
eh i dont like it as much because we always get it late at night, james gets like 4 of them, and we stay up all night on it
i dont like staying up
samesies
i wanna be able to go to sleep at night haha
i wish we could do that molly
that ive had for like three months
but james hasnt wanted to
its so strong it messes up his mood for like a week
that can happen with that honestly
i've heard people have that complaint
but its so worth it
its like a massive intense wave of ethereal bliss
that sounds NIOCEEEEEE
I EAT STICKERS ALL THE TIME DUDE
what
its charlie from sunny hahaha
AH
fuck
hahaha
oh god
i just started watching the one where we rant about lying
I was always sassy wasn't i
i am such a fucking drama queen in that video
lol
yea you sort of were hahahaha
i was too though
we were like
yeah
it was performance art
we are MILLENIALS and we have OPINIONS
it was
HAHAHAHAHAHHA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhfD8CnuVU8
SOME MEANING MORE IMPORTANT THAN OTHERS
HAHAHA OH NO
GOD HELP ME SWEET CHILD
noooooooo
BACK MASKING
hahahahahahaha
101
LIKE
LESSONS
nice font too
thanks bub
i just found
SAM SHELTONS YOUTUBE
REMEMBER
DOUCHE BAG CREW 9
omg no
hahahahahaha
he also rode this weird three wheeled scooter
and called it
sam shelton is like
fucked
the chariot
seriously
my god hahaha
hahahahahahahahahhahahahahaa
I JUST REMEMBERED
ALL OF THE TIMES I WOULD BE SKATING WITH PEOPLE IN HIGH SCHOOL
AND SAM WOULD BE LIKE
CAN I COME
hahahaha
WANT ME TO BRING
....
THE CHARIOT
my god
no
hahahahaha
it was so embarrassing
yes
with his weird hyperarticulate mouse mouth talking
wow
i really have an issue with him
hahahahaha
when i met sam
he wore an eyepatch
for pleasure?
thats all i remember him as
no
i have to ask
on his glasses
he had a lazy eye
he had one with a clown on it
and one with balloons on it
in middle school he got testicular torsion  from doing some stunt
I REMEMBER THAT HAHA
and one of his testicles is 4 times larger than the other. I remember he showed me, several times
WHAT
OMG
I also gave him a handjob in high school once
is it like huge
or is the other tiny
NO WAY
HAHA
yeah
thats crazy
hahahahaha
he has a great dick
just
everythin else
even the way he breathes
"he has a great dick"
hahaha
is SCARY
that's all
literally
hes like real life napoleon dynamite
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HOLY SHIT
THE CHARIOT
THE MOVES
THE HAIR KIND OF
THE NOVELTY TEES
THE DICK
WELL
NOT SURE ON THAT
BUT BOTH SO SO SO WEIRD
hahahaha
i had weird sexual experiences in high school
no wonder that chick in hs was nuts about him
LAURA
laura
yes
THE EMO
bahahaha
the frog princess
dude now that i'm thinking about it
i triccked a lot of people into doing things that i "swore weren't gay"
I was a terrible person
how did you possibly do that hahaha
I'm smarter than a lot of people and when people have sexual insecurities, as with other insecurities, you can sort of direct them
either way
thats true
i forgot about that stuff
you do that with me
that wasn't cool
did that with me
hahahahaha
DID
yeah
i think the playing field is pretty even between us
like neither of us could get away with that shit
now
yea this is true
we see it
too easily
hahahaha
i have a friend who is REALLY empathic, like more so than i've ever met
and is always like
"stop trying to manipulate me, it's not going to work" and i had NOT realized that I still move conversations and stuff around in my favor out of habit
it's so subtle now
to most people
yea you do hahaha
all the time
i stopped responding to it, for both our benefit
i used to do it to
until pretty recently
i know
i've recently slowed down with it a bit
it was just a really bad habit
haha
the minute someone notices is the minute you freak out
i used to do it and then realized it made me miserable
when it didnt work
yeah samesies
its like
damn, my grand plan has failed
or rather
basically
my grand plan was made of flan and served to a mariachi band
that's why i think my brain just automatically does things. I don't think either of us were conscious fully of the fact that we were doing these things until they backfired
OMG
FLAN
yea it becomes habit
cause and effect, back and forth
i just recently learned how to communicate
i'm not kidding
i made isaac teach me how to be a person
well, asked him
hahahaha
HAHAHA
i kept trying to like open up, talk, ect, and he was like thats not, no, slow down, what do you think talking is
apparently i'm not good with aauthenticity
haha
I CANT FINISH THE VIDEOS
I NEED TO BE HIGH OR SOMETHING TO WATCH THE REST GOD
brb gotta move a loveseat
okkkkK
watched the videos haha
james said he never would have pegged you for gay, even now
because being intelligent translates to gay for a lot of stupid people
doesn't or does? haha
he never would have
due to the fact that i'm intelligent?
lol
he said most people would see that as gay
but that he doesnt, that you just seem like a dude
just a dude
That's sort of erroneous comment, lol
i'm not sure how to take it
he meant it wel
ok
well
im rpetty sure lol
it sounds like he's saying i'm not smart enough to "seem gay"
but
i think
he's just not great with words
lol
no hes just saying
that he doesnt think you seem gay
that he doesnt get a gay vibe off you
That's still offensive lol
and the vibe that you may give off to people is actually intelligence
ok
so hm
interesting
just take it lol
dont be offended haha
THATS WHAT
ok
sorry
ok
hes doing his best
i know
i will
ill take it
even though it doesn't look like i do
SORRY
HELP
I know he means well
Haha
We're letting that girl Leslie stay here
She passed out on the couch 
Poor thing got thrown out and her car died yesterday 
oh god
that's tragic
yea
shes really nice too
just got in with some bad people
it happens
i know this lol
ive been clean like
5 months
or something
yeah i know you know haha
im buying sheets and a quilt set
online
Niiiice
saving 150 dollars
what kind
im so happy
thread count?
tehe
apparently thread count is a marketing thing, but theyre egyptian cotton
400 count
this quilt set with pillows
https://www.jossandmain.com/Azalea-Quilt-Set-AMRA2031.html
what does it mean then
hahaa
delightful
it means what it means but manufacturers doctor it so it isnt a good measure of quality
ohhhhhh
that's weird
i did not know that
yea it is.  ive been doing lots of bedding research
like
I love that statement
a queen and a full are alost the same size
hahaha
and i got a 1200 dollar mattress for 450 bucks brand new
bamboo pillow top
!!!!!
that's a deal
wow
haha
I KNOW IM SO EXCITED
hahahaha
itll be in next week i think
that's fantastique
eric swisher is messagign me
he has a baby now
and i believe a wife
WHATTTTT
yea dude
hes like
an adult now
hahahaha
HAHA
right lol
he bought a trailer on an acre of land with his wife and baby
livin the dream
he was one of the last id expect to clean up
god
me too
haha
he and danny both have been clean a long time
i knew danny had
makes me happy that people are getting their stuff together
addiction is hard
yeah..
that's amazing for him though
yea!
there is hope indeed!
haha
nan
HAHA
dat meme
o shit waddup!!!!
it's dat boi!!!!
WADDAP ITS DAT BOIII
HAHAHA
i LOVE that meme
i like the sonic memes more
honestly
yeah
gatta go fast
they're honestly pretty good
hahaha
hahaha
check outt he official sonic twitter sometimes
theyve totally bought into the meme of it
its AWESOME
omg ok
haha
omg watching its always sunny
"got some poppers in the back"
and so it begins
i forgot about this
dude
i just hit algmost every bar in the shorty north
it was amazing
lol
Oh shit waddap
It's dat boi
Dem bars
HAHAHAHAHA
Oh yea I went there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJ29qFLn7Wk
never for get t
we demo kois
HAHA YES
im about to watch revenant
yes
Think leo gets attack/raped by a bear
I hope so at least
HAHA
i've smoked
cat in my moms attic
memberr
Oh yes forgot about that hahaha
dude
my sister is coming columbus tomorrow evening
hahahaha
 Oh no
She was hear i think 
Or is idk
yeah
she was
it was the "grand surprise"
Here lol
haha
hear
can u here me
Grand surprise lolol
Well
God speed with that
Hahaha
yeah...
she's bringing two homies
one of them with the good weed
so
Oh my hahaha
Just don't get the po called
THE PO
FROM THE TELLY TUBBYS
Hahaha yes!
i am dat boi
here he go
shit whaddup
i had a little marijuana and a little alcohol
I had a little adderal haha
Cleaning the kitchen
OMGOMGOMFOMF
I THINK RJ HADDY JUST EMAILED ME WANTING MY GECKOS 
nan
Is this him??
SON OF A BITCH
That's him right
Is he rad fx?
OH YES
IT IS
LMFAO
F A O
Hahaha haha what are the chances
.05
Right haha
do you have to take a stats class
ITS SO FUN
SO
SOOOOOO FUN
I think so lol
it's not fun
fyi
your inference was likely correct
not fun
Haha taking it now?
oh god
sorries
i'm taking it again over the summer
hahaha
dude
i'm so bored
I'm going tuh bed bub
Sowdy
Nighty night
Night man
mac and dennis live in the suburbs
Such a good episode hahaha
Marathoning season 11
THE FRANK POV ONE
Son of a bitch 
His life is the mr krabs blur meme
Hahaha!
I watched a few the other day
Its so good
Im well versed in bird law
You don't know shit about cats dee
James' mom is so drunk she just called him 'Byrdman'
He's about to snap hahahaha
GOD
I'm treading lightly, having a drink to smooth her out hahaha
I watched the dinner date ep of sunny last night
YESSSSS
When Charlie and mac lock eyes
Hahahaha
hunder omg
i met an elvis impersonator in udf
and we sang blue suede shoes together
bury me now
im ready to go
Oh my gosh hahaha
That's fantastic
i am eating bread and drinking wine
in a savage manor
i'm like a king from some feudal land
I was just eating a sandwich because I couldn't sleep
The past two nights we have watched GOT
The newest episode
And it is so sad
What happens to hodor
That James cries and then has to go to bed
HAHAHAHA
oh nooooo!
It is sad, yes
But like
I didn't even almost cry
Either time
I just want to see the white walkers
Wreak havoc
hahahahaha
i need to get back on that show
isaac said he'd give it a shot
ITS A BUDDY SHOW
You do
YOU NEED A BUDDY
Absolutely you need to
It's important
im in season 3 still
Jeez Louise
yah
Hurry the heck up bruh
since well of
2014
like
Hahaha
yikes breh
You can binge watch!
here went dat boi
he failed
I CAN
So do that
OMG lolol
he fell off his lil fuckin uni
Bahahaha
His uni
and GOT ended forever
Nooooi
for dat boi
"shit..."
I'm scared for when it is over
Likd
Will James move on
Can he
i heard the latest episodes from SO MANY PEOPLE
were emotional
so i dont doubt you
like
i know a lot of people have strong feelings about them
and im like
"yooo whaddup outgroup lmfaoooo aye"
Hahahahaha
I love the show, sure
But it's like
Not the office
So
L8r
hahahaha
Can't cry about it
i have seen enough
to know it's amazing
for me
Right
it rivals mid series lost
RIVALS
that is a lot
I haven't finished season two
OH MAN OH MAN
SEASON THREE
I'm going to start watching it
Again
ITS WHEN
THEY
James gave up
COME
THE PERSON
THAT IS US
Hahahahaha
I realized Mary in LOTR is Charlie in lost
SEASON PERMIER OF THRERPRGHR
omg
Which made me happy
OMG
RIGHT
SO FUNNY
i literally noticed that like two months ago lol
"Drive shaft"
Me too
Hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
I LOVE IT
I'm going to start watching it on my laptop
do it
So I've like
Started wearing normal girl clothes a good percent of the time
To try to make my life easier
I've been wearing Jean shorts
That I got from the mall
Not like Ben the soldier shorts
Cute ones
we did a weird thing at the same time again
i changed my aesthetic to make life easier
For some reason it really does work
i have a normal boy haircut
It's like, no longer fighting to look edgy
Bahaha
wear normal clothes, no dye in my hair, no edginess
OMG
lol
only thing
I cut my hair and the dyed part is almost gone
is i strechd my ears up to 9/16, or rather just put the plugs in that fit, and they are plain, wood, and go with everything and are hardly noticable
no more bright colors
I gave up on mine. They're small holes now. Hardly wear my nose ring
i took mine out
and no lie
i cried
i looked at it
James says I bought "grown up clothes"
and was like
you faggot
HAHAHA
then
i was like
this looks so manic
i removed it
then cried because we got them together
and i was like
i feeeeeel
as if she removed hers
so i don't feel that bad
hahahahah
Yes I still wear it sometimes but not daily
It gets in the way of my airflow
i havent tried to get mine in again
#flow
yes
i just picked at mine all da tie
people thoiught
i was eating boogerz
so
HAHAHA
it had to go
Hahahaha
hahahahahahaa
Boogerz
HAHAHA
Seapunk
LOLO
I still don't really know what that was about
I knew one seapunk guy in VB
That's it
And he did it ironically anyway
everything is irony
so ive realized in taking this summer class
i picked the wrong major
four years ago
Jesus hahahah
i should have done engineering and computer science
That's rough
now im stuck in neurobio
and im like
i love my minor
You love neurobio doe
I LOVE THE BRAIN
BUT ALL THE BIO IS TOO MUCH FOR ME
Right right
THE PROGENY
IS NOT DAT BOI
It's weird that you don't like bio haha
Hahahaha
i used to love it
then i realized it was just memorizing, and i have a good memory, as do you
and i have grown to prefer problem solving
memorizing was never a problem to be solved
in undergrad bio at least haha
Well that makes sense. I need to be better at problem solving.
it's a good skill, but if i have it, you have it. it's probably just buried under something useless, like a memory of josh
HAHAHAHAHA
still got it
You're probably right dudd
shyt
yeah
Well listen
I'm gonna try to go to sleep
nighty night
Even tho James is in the middle of the bed
HAHAHAHA
god
And probably dreaming sad hodor dreams
And I don't want to wake that up
oh no
dont do that
hahaha
But I must try to sleep. Wish me luck young padiwan
good luck from yung lean
i mean young padiwan
Hahahahaha
Night man
nyte
i have become so obsessed with panda by desiigner
i need help
Have I heard that?
I GOT BROADS IN ATLANTA, TWISTIN DOPE LEAN AND THE FANTA
Oh man James likes that song hahahaha
hjahahahahahahhaha
yes
I'm listening to washed out
yesssssss
hey
my new number
is 6149288864
i lost your new one
haha
Hahaha okay I'll save it. I forgot mine lolol
this headline dude
nan
"Richard Dawkins: Biologist and Author says he 'absolutely' did not PRAY following his stroke"
Which headline
Hahaha
I AM DYING
What
hahahahaha
Hahahahahaha
he is like a real vocal atheist
to the point of
HUMOR
I know dude bahaha
I SWEAR TO GOD I DIDNT PRAY
Exactly
Like, who cares
dont look at me in the eyes
Hahahahaha
Hahahaha
I've been saying that
ME TOO
lol
Don't look at me in the eyes
Hahahahahaha
hahahahahahahaahaha
"don't look at mister jordan, do not look at him in the eyes"
Hahahaha
I just went to elkview, picked up a fridge, put it on a trailer, moved it to SC, moved it up stairs
Almost had to take the door apart to get it in there
I'm #sweatin
That's so hip hop
Oh man oh man I had a pretzel bun turkey sandwich at sheets today
It was SO GOOD
So good
PretZel bun
Boiiii
Oh god
Yes
I miss pretzel buns
I used to make pretzel bun burgers I think
I want one
Go to shits
I mean sheetz
Shits
I gotta go mow the grass
Because the more I move and sweat the less depressed I am
Hahahaha same
Godspeed
the hill people
I'm watching splice
OMG
that movie
biology is terrifying
James: "I knew it was gonna fuck 'er"
HahahahHhHHHHHHhahahahHaha
OH MY GOD
I KNEW IT WAS GONNA FUCK ERRRR
https://twitter.com/Remdelarem/status/633421905446469632
OMG
so i got this text yesterday and about died
"I'm bored and there's nowhere to vape"
- 'punk' girl behind me at the airport
HAHAHA
did you see
that obama is supposed to reveal the truth about
aliens
OH NO
WHAT
NO
LINKS?!?!?!?
GOD CHRIST
GOD-CHRIST
hunder we have been waiting for this day
its on msn.com
i read it
hahaha
theres an "85%" chance he will make a ton of stuff public
I'm looking now
i'm screaming
Hahahaha
And he big announcement is
Here comes dat boi
And the US is like
OH SHIT WHADDDUP ITS SPACE BOIIIIII!!!!!!!!!
Oh shit waddap
never in my life
there are three things
I could have never predicted
i will now list them
Hahahahaha
Go
1) donald trump becoming president is a real possibility. Donald trump.
2) a green frog riding a cycle named "dat boi" with no explanation is the funniest thing on the internet
3) We are going to learn soon whether aliens exist or not which we have fantasized about since the womb
updates to follow
Yes
These are all scary and true
Updates to follow
they are horrifying
hahahaha
RSS me fam
i got updates
and also broads in atlanta
Hahahaha
I've been wearing these army goggles
yeah?
They're huge and for sand protection
how do they feel
And I've just been wearing them around the house
Bulky
Strong
Protective
STRONG
Sleek
sleek and bulky
Hahahahaha
wow
what a statement
Yes both
hahahaha
And I asked james
You got any more toys?
HAHAHA
Hahahahahahahah
Take that us military
(also i have been thinking a lot about his comment on splice)
Have you? Hahahaha
The entire movie he was naked dry humping me with a soft penis
You can't touch that crazy
what
that statement is so Fuuuuucked
hahahahahahaha
He's a silly little thing
nan
Got that Kylie Jenner lip dupe bruuuuh
Oh my goodness bro
nan
We dem boiz
Hahaha
YOOU NEVER TOLD ME THAT ELI MASSEY IS WITH HANNAH ADAMS NOW
WHAT IN THEEE FUUUUCK
i was just creepin on my old dope niggas profiles
Hhahahahahahahahahahhhahaa
I forgot
Omg
jeeesus christ
how the fuck did that happen
and his other bitch got a baby on da way
what in dee hell
It's purgatory and we get to watch
right hahahahaha
also i watched the spirit guide
so lame
but i was laughing at shayn trying to get answers out of joe
it was like real life
Hunter changed the chat colors.
Chat colors changed
I did it
Haha
Oh shit waddup
Look what I saw today
nan
Haha it's a frog lady
It is
i casually told james over dinner that i used to think he was going to kill me
OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i told him that he looks like he isnt totally crazy but could totally kill someone
"you could easily kill like 15 grils"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
girls not grils
hahaha
IM SCREAMING
we had that night of horror over this delusion that this was in fact the case
that was bad
but in retrospect
SO
so funny
he said he needed to go say hi to the new neighbors or theyll think hes an asshole
and i was like, no they wont
and then i thought for a second
and i was like, yea actually
we would make bad psychologists we would diagnose everyone as killers and sociopaths
oh wow
you look like you could kill people
hahahahahaha
HAHAHAHA
yea we could never go into psych
like john said
you cant ref and play the game
HAHAHAHA
im just crazy enough to be a rogue biologist but not crazy enough to be a rogue chemist
HAHAHAHA
why must you be rogue
because well behaved women rarely make history ;)
you're finished
thanks *bows*
*clap
ive spent all day doing these research ethics tests
modules
they suck
im almost done
that sounds horrifying
i have had to do similar stuff
policy infrastructure
yikes
conflicts of commitment
etc
i am drinking a glass of wine and writing an html doc for my software class but little does my professor know i was on myspace in 2008 so
my god hahahahaha
html pro
<header><b> I AM SO PRO XD XD </header></b>
thank you for that hahaha
so
i saw the spirit guide
and i was like
i have to talk to shayne about this
OH MY GOD
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
omg did i just spell his name wrong
sorry
holy shit
wow
hahaha
holy shit
woah
thats awesome hahahaha
anyway
he said its the worst thing hes been in since elementary school
and he doesnt know how ramis films can be so bloated but carry so little content
he fucking messaged me man
he goes
i know you hate me
tell me
*tear
but please watch this
it's good
and you will respect me
HAHAHAHA
its not good
I still do not respect him
youre lying
it was garbage
he didnt say that
hold on
lemme find the message
okay hahahaha
Rami Joseph Anderson
if this film doesn't change your perception of me as a filmmaker I don't know what will
Rami Joseph Anderson
5/5, 6:17pm
Rami Joseph Anderson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H2RSrUcyIE

The Spirit Guide
A man on the run goes on a transcendental journey to find solace for the loss of his one true love.
youtube.com
Michael Terranova
5/5, 6:17pm
Michael Terranova
i will watch it. I can't currently but I'll save the link
Rami Joseph Anderson
5/5, 6:18pm
Rami Joseph Anderson
seriously, criticize the fuck out of it. but I do think you'll be somewhat impressed.
then he sent me a gif of spongebob making an eager face
oh rami did
not shayn
first off
shayn woujld never say that
yeah
hahahahaha
oops
apparently
i don't know him as a filmmaker
rami booed the winner at the film fest
like
no one liked it
"change my perception"
WHAT
hahaha
yea
i was there but in the class across the room
i saw him upset
oh god
yea so thats a whole mess
hes a psycho dude
rami is insane
should be in an institution
remember
when i argued science with him
he thought hair was neurons
and cutting your hair
was killing brain ceels
he LOVES metaphysics
btw
HAHAHAHAHA
i remember
remember when michael tighe attacked him
and rami drew cartoons of it
and made paper dolls to reenact it
fucking hell
YES
High school was shit
Hahahahaha
It was
So was
i discovered i get a week off in july
and i was so excited
i was looking up vacation spots
running them by james
and he wants to go to baltimore
because hes never been to an aquarium
i wanted to go to the beach but "we dont have money for that" or whatever...
what kind of anarchocapitalist cant afford to go to myrtle beach
Baltimore really
yes HAHAHAHAHA
also Hahahahahahahahahaha
HAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA
my thoughts exactly
hahahah
what kind of anarchocapitalist cant afford to go to myrtle beach
what kind of anarchocapitalist cant afford to go to myrtle beach
baltimore, really
hahahahahaha
theres a zoo there too so
i guess im going to baltimore for my summer vacation
originally his answer was "fuck it, i dont care, whatever"
Just make a day trip to Columbus zoo and aquarium. If he wants that. It's close. And if you throw him in an enclosure in a zoo in Ohio you get to shoot the animal yourself
Baltimore
Godhhaha
HAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
i dont like the columbus zoo
i puked in the lorikeet cage
HHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
That statement sounds like the title of a metal core song
HAHAHAHAHAHA
im laughing so hard just remembering it now
chris was there
Hahahaha oh god
probably why i puked
Oh god
He does induce that
i think he deleted his fb
now i cant laugh at him
online
at least
Damn
well i need to go to bed.  research in the morrom
morrow
damn
haha
Night night
night man
nan
NOOO
You're welcome
please look at the photo i just shared
i think im so funny that it's funny
fuck man did you watch that oprah video jesus
hahaha
No but the concept is pretty good hahaha
it's so dumb
lol
but i lost it
as i said
As was stated in article 33-12
http://www.legis.nd.gov/information/acdata/pdf/33-12-01.pdf
i dont see it
HAHAHA
touche
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5GyNDMPdlg
this guy
just watch 30 seconds of it
im in lab now
i may die
hahahahaha
hes pretty ridiculous
THE MOUTH SOUNDS
GOD
GOD
"I'm going to present you with beads"
"Hi poopsies"
DIE
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA
DUDE
ALSO
THIS VID I JUST POSTED
A PARODY OF DESIIGNERS PANDA BUT ITS ABOUT BERNIE SANDERS
I HAVE BEEN DAY DRINKING
Oh my I see that haha
I fell asleep without meaning to
My stomach has been hurting recently
Like bad
I'm going to have to go see a doctor
OH NO
i meant
oh no
no caps
but still emphatic concern
is it like a really bad consistent pain?
Um sometimes. Normally after I eat sometimes. But it hurts when I don't eat too, just not usually as baf
Bad
yeah i'd get that checked on
inconsistency is more concerning than consitency
Nice lol. Found a truffle today
found a truffle?
Yea with my reseArch team
what is that exactly?
Aka marky Mark's fungi bunch
A truffle?
yes
MARKS FUNGI BUNCH
HOLY HELL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Haha haha I'm going to make shirts
I LOVE THAT
Our grant is going to pay for jt
Our prof is mark
So we're the fungi bunch
that's amazing lol
but a truffle is a mycorhizal mushroom
lives within the roots of some trees
undergroud
very VERY hard to find
we go out and samples trees
dig 4 two-metter plots on each cardinal side of the tree
take humidity, temp, photons, etc
and look through the dirt
OH ONE OF THOSE
just kidding
but awesome
the one i found is so tiny
BUT IT COULD BE NEW
AND IF IT IS IN THE EDIBLE GENUS
IM NAMING IT TUBER GEKKO
HAHA
dude ive been having like traummatic dreams basically every night
samesies
like
about kendall, getting high, shayn, chris, mym mom
related to real life?
oh no
yikes
yes
i got put on clonazepam for nightmares
lol
thatll do it lol
yeahhhhh
I feel like maybe only because i'm drunkish and I feel bad I should have mentioned this to you, but I def have ptsd and i was def sexually assaulted. I know thats a lot but it's important to me that I tell you that. IVE BEEN IN THERAPY OKAY
so like
samesies
havent been in therapy
but ive concluded this
It was when i went to morgantown two years ago to see kiefer and joy. it was a nightmare and this is why i drink lol
maybe you should?
Idk
depends whats best for you
omg no way
i do need to see a therapist
but
i didnt realize it was so reently
it was a person you know that I would be condemned for accusing and also a random dude. it sucked man. sucked. repressed it for a while. My therapist just said I should have talked to you about it lol
you should
it has helped me a lot
haha
well if you dont want to say who it was, thats fine, i understand
hold on
i mean it was joy and this random kid i met
but ok
i figured it would be fine for you to know this
no one does
oh okay sorry i was confused
joy is like
shes got this sadistic scary thing about her
she does
and no one would believe me
no one
its joy
i remember when we were younger, like elementary school, and she would beg me to tell her what masturbation was
and im like, go away
you weirdo
that explains why she wouldnt talk to me recently
guilt
well thank you for telling me about it
im sorry that shitty thing happened
I know
we aren't super emotional and shit
but i wanted you to know
haha
shes like 1st in her class
med school
i should just stop
i know dude
haha
it irritates me
that pisses me off
although
she was probably assaulted
as a child
her stepdad is a monster
i'm smaller than she is and it's that whole youre a man you can handle this thing
she may have been
i said that
but i was told it was no excuse
i need to find a good ptsd therapist here
you do
it's halped me A LOT
ive for the most part stopped taking any drugs
i need an actual therapist
not john lolol
You do
I got one
Lol
also need to go to the dentist and get my belly looked at
if i go to my primary phys theyre refer me right
or would john?
John would for sure
i guess i need to make an appointment
i need to tell him im trying to get off the xanax as well
Clonazepam is so much better
No withdrawal
Addiction
i was on that
Longer half life
I love it
i dont want any drugs
they make me a different person
That's no issue
You can work it out with a good ass therapist
that would be wonderul
im really excited to talk to someone who can help
i shouldnt still be having nightmares about bob
in one last week, we found him trying to harrass more young girls, and we called the police, and he tried to escape, so i smashed his head into the concrete, and you were like "look dude" and i look and he started crumbling to ashes and blowing away
What the
Omg man
yea
Isaac recently admitted to me that I have night terrors every night
I didn't even know
i believe that
my terrors stay contained
haha
that is a terrifying statement
therapy is imperative
lololol
dude ive been having to eat a bland diet
how so?
its making me depressed, all this stomach stuff and anxiety and nightmares
like for dinner sometimes i eat toast
i have not been eating well either
i understand
i have no reason to be depressed but sometimes i am
ive even started meditating again
that's the definition of depression and what makes it different from 'sad'
"that one friend who has their shit together is even fucking meditating now"
HAHAHA
i DO have my shit together
HAHAHA
you do
but im still not happy
honestly
more so than me
yeah
that's depression
le sigh
a lot of it has to do with my body image
i dont like my body i some respects
and i feel like if i go on a jog
that i look ridiculous and people will try to talk to me
so i sit inside
oh no :/
we both need to be in therapy lol
yea seriously
ive been saying this for a few months
im glad you told me youre doing it
makes me want to get it done too
I think you should
good
it's helped me so much
with nightmares
everything
if i could just get the nightmares to stop dude
jesus
i cant deal with kendall in my dreams
or anywhere
samesies
not her
but
samesies
i have about a month until i get paid for research
and then again the next month
but i need to put new tires on my car
pay medical bills
get stuff so i can move into my condo
a lot of obstacles
yeah
that seems like a hefty load
the worst part is having to wait
and its so hot outside
i dont want to do anything
im spiraling sorry lol
it's cool
same
sies
hahahaha
I love that
lolol
i like it too
"I'm spiraling. Sorry"
i know when im doing it haha'
ive been having bad dope cravings recently
me2
these past few days
probably triggered by shayn
talking to him
I have been drinking more than i usually have
ahh
it must be
ive basically stopped drinking because it makes me uncomfortable
man my stomach is like
im eating fucking toast with almond butter
and it hurts
everything makes me ucomfrotable
especially drinking
but i have no good coping skills yet
working on it
hahahaha
haha
find a different drug
drinking will kill you
weed is good
heroin is safer
but it causes me to fail i nschool
yes
scientifically
yes
hahahaha
bahahaha
do shrooms or something
lolol
Eventually
I need the right people and environment
this is very very true
very true
its helped me so much
i swear ive been like "blest" or something
i have an issue
i need to talk about it
now that im being open
Yes
Go
I've had sericues twice in the last month from cutting myself up with a razor
My entire left arm is just scar tissue now
The endorphins are the only thing keeping me alive
Have you talked about this with anyone?
Yes
Io had a friend
Who brought me razors
We aren't friends now
Id prefer to have a quickie convo with you about it because you get me lol
Well Yea lol
I mean I never really cut myself but I did let other people cut me
So there's that
Same basic concept
Right
So
I would say, stop doing that
And start doing burpees
It's very hard
If you're trying for endorphjns
Not to
I think
Just think at it logically
Like
As a scientist
That it's sort of ridiculous to do that
As an atheist vegan
Sorry
Yeah
Hahahaha
It is
My name is Deborah
But you can call me deb
Or vegan atheist humanist
That spells Vah
Pmfg
A bag
What lol
auto correct
lmfao
a vah
I just ate half a lemon
Like an apple
Standing in the kitchen
Staring into space
Omg hah
nan
Ok like
Funny captioning
Really
is his hair receding/
?
..omg
Yes
his dad is partially bald
poor shayn
haha
hahahahaha
i dont like
at ALL
that his fathers dick has come up in conversation
nan
Scuttling abomination
Hahahahaha
I love that
I've been watching supernatural
That bored.
I have heard that's good
It's sort of corny but it's good
Cheap budget it appears
shayn just posted a meme about forbidden love
I think it's referencing queer relationships and interracial relationships frowned upon by baby boomers
but he likes teen girls
not the same
Rami "hearted" it
dying
OMG lolol
No more Shayn for me though
Blocked him for my mental health
I keep wanting to delete him because he's literally like scum and pissses me off
but these little things
You have to choose haha
i know hahahaha
oh god i sound terrible
"he's so disgusting and mean but every one and a while he'll do something that will make me chuckle"
HE GOTTA GO
FACEBOOK
</shayn>
Yea toss that guy out haha
okay so i feel bad for mentioning this to any person but i HAVE TO
and it has to be you
Please do
I'm all ears
Obvi
so i told you how i have been trying to teach james to fake smile, right>
im pretty sure ive mentioned that
Yes I think
he always smiles like hes in pain when a camera is out
so i told him to smile with his teeth
like he would smile in real life
and hes like, but i look crazy
Okay haha
Hm
and im like, yea but we all do when we smile
I WAS WRONG
he got a new license today
OMFG
Omg
No
He
Smiled
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
NOOPO
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Man
I SAW THE PHOTOS AND IM LIKE
AHHHHHHHHHHH
He is the most amusing person
Hahahahaha
I COULDNT EVEN LAUGH
I COULDNT EVEN
Hahahaha
LAGH
HELP ME
HAHAHAHA
HERES THE KICKER
I wish I could see
Oh god
More
MORE
THEY MESSED UP HIS FIRST ID AND HAD TO MAKE A SECOND WITH VETERAN STATUS ON IT
SO HE HAS
TWO OF THESE
TWO DIFFERENT PHOTOS
OF HIM SMILING
IM DYING
IM DIE ING
Michael it still tickles me
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Help me
In one his eye is twitchy
His teeth are
Sharp
Sharp
He has sharp teeth
All of them
Are like razor sharp
Hahahahahahahah
He's so sweet and innocent
And awkward
Hahahahah
HAHAHAHAHAHha
There is a Josh beane copy talking to us as an alumni
Autism and all
Same hair, can't make eye contact at all
Same dress (polo, dark blue jeans)
Ray bans
Hahahahahahahahahdtndjdbeisbdi
I wish I could get a photo of him but I'm in a room with other students
I guess Josh isn't vegan anymore
nan
OMFG
OMFG
OMFG
ALERT
WARNING
Can you text John
I sent him an email about a week ago
Need a script refill and I want to be referred to a therapist
Don't know if he saw the email
I can do this
Thanks fam 
still looking at that image
message passed to john
I need to confess something
Yesterday I went out on the boat and we went to Charleston and up the elk and there were boats tied together and we hung out with everyone
At least 60 people
And I drank three hard ciders and an entire bottle of cupcake
And vomited down the side of the boat
oh my goodness
whaaaaat
James had to drive me back home
Puking in the back of the boat
I laid down in the shower
Passed out as soon as I got in bed
And he went back out
oh my god
i am sorry
wow
I remember mumbling
"Your family are alcoholics"
I'm never doing that again
Apparently everyone loves me now though
hahahaha
oh WOW
Which is fucked
that's interesting
Hahahahaha
YEA
LMFAO
but dude im sorry
I puked last night so I was better off this morning
I've stayed in all day
i just got back from the psych unit again. I keep going back and they keep sending me home cause no beds are ever available. They like know me now lol
What hahaha
oh yeah
Why'd you go in?
i'm like 10 times crazier than I was
Isn't that cost?
Costly
it's pretty bad
yeah
i got medicaid though
hahaha
they have been sewing me up for like a month now
i have hit
how do you phrase this
rock bottom
lol
i just have yet to disclose this to you
Michael you've gotta stop this haha
It's too much
You're killing yourself
i am getting a grip on it.
i know
I wish you'd come home and get a job and slow down for a bit
You're living in a cheap loony bin Atm
HAHA
that statement
yeah
Lea and Isaac are crazy but they're sociopaths
You can tell because they aren't hurting themselves
Just you
I'm not so sure isaac is a sociopath
lea
is
just an idiot
i'v erealized
hahahaha
she's not even crazy
she's a fucking idiot
like doesn't have any selfawareness
just like a sick dog
that needs put down
she cant function in rl
You guys haven't had time to develop life skills
You need to chill lol
Real life is not like college
isaac took a semester off to do that and just worked
i know real life isn't like college
haha
but still
i get your point
You should take one off
Seriously
Start developing healthy habits
i'm taking time off after i graduate
before i
start trying to graduate again
idk
Lolol
I don't know man, is your therapist helping at all?
i am signing up for therapy at least twice a week and gonna do group sessions
Good, that's awesome
he does help
i just need constant supervision
probably dbt
haha
for now at least
I want to really badly but haven't heard back yet
so i can figure out how to be a person that deals with issues instead of compartmentalizing
What is compartmentalizing
it's a way to avoid cognitive dissonance. You ignore correlations between your issues, make everything mutually exclusive, rationalize it and put it in little boxes
repression
lol
Ahhhh okay I've done this hahaha
yeah
theres that episode of kimmy schmidt
where tina fey goes
"IT'S CALLED COMPARTMENTALIZING AND IT'S NOT A PROBLEM, BECAUSE I KNOW THE WORDS TO DESCRIBE IT"
Hahaha I remember that
Question
If I got a therapist and was totally open about my drug use
Would they put me on the no narcotics list
i don't think so
thereapists btw
cant do that
they don't have the authority
you can even....
waive the right for them to share ANY info with a medical doctor
so they would never know and could never do that either
dun dun dunnnn
Oh seriously
It scares me though
yeah
Just talking to someone about it
yeah
i know
i can see why
I'm like six months clean off opiates
And I'm ready to ask for help in the process
That's good!
asking for help is a good thing
I still get cravings, the animal part of my brain still acts up sometimes
And I want to move past that
i feel that a little bit
yeah
I'm going to stop getting my xanax script once I start talking to someone. That's the relief I need.
Still nothing from John :/
not sure what to tell you. I can ask again. I think the issue was that as soon as i told him i checked myself into the hospital
probably just needs a reminder
"I'm outside eating fried okra. With who? With Oprah"- Riff Raff
Hahahahaha
I'll email him again
do the thing
where you check like
the exclamation points
to make it "priority"
Okay haha
he responds faster to those
no lie
lol
i always use !!!
if i dont he is slow to reply
I need to go home to be able to change priority
Erg
Email me
Wait no
Sensitive info
He would get mad at me
Hippy
Hippa lol
Lol. I'm headed home so I'll just do it then
how do you change the priority
i cant figure it out
???
!!!
ok
so i think it's just a mac thing
i just looked
sorry i am in lab
haha
Awww man
nan
Haha haha haha haha yes
you told me that
hahahahahahah
I did
I remember it
It was funny
I think ragie murad told me that hahahaha
RAGIE
I added he and Nick
Have you seen Nick
My god
Omg
No
link me
LINK
Can't on my phone
Search him
nick murad? right?
im getting no results
hahaha
Yes lol
Man John says I have to go see him to get a refill
I'm totally out
It's been at least a week
Fuck
Yeah
Most psychs want that haha
Sorry dude
Yea he definitely should have disclosed that with me beforehand
When did you see him last?
I don't know, a long time ago
He may just want a "check in" then
Well he should have told me that lol
I mean it's sort of miraculous that he doesn't do that. I talk to him on the phone once a month. I just figured he was seeing you regularly lol
Oh wel
Breathe in
nan
I mean if he wanted me to call him monthly I could do that. Just poor communication. It's whatever.
It's just one appointment haha it shouldn't be a big ordeal or anything
Right but my script has been gone for a week and a half
nan
nan
I love that page haha
god me too
hahaha
Every time I see it you come to mind
lol
Yep das me
My new truffle project is
it u
Let me remember the word
HAHAHA
oh boi
Transcriptomics
holy shit is that the study of like rna transcriptomes (sp?)
haha
that's intricate
Yes hahaha
Chat field said if I'm good at it
I could easily make 100k a year somewhere
So I gotta get gud
that's amazing!!!
holy shit
hahaha
It's way harder than DNA apparently
Because rna changes all the time
It's bioinformatics
that's so fucking cool
did I tell you what I'm doing now?
I don't think I did
it's similar to that
I'm taking a stats for biological sciences type course, and I'v ebeen talking with my TA and prof, and they suggest that I go into biostatistics or like applied statistics. So I'm looking at the math side of what you're doing basically
We could collaborate!
That's so cool
I don't do the maths lol
That would be awesome
hahaha
yeah I don't do the testing. too much hands
Bahahaha
So one of those storms may hiy
Storm of the century
Daricho or whatever
really??
Derichio
Yes rly
Check the news
there are supposed to be tornadoes here
You best ready yourself
Srsly
i am afraid nao
i heard someone speak of a great terror coming today, from the western skies
one of winding winds
and firey electricity the comes from the heavens
Hahahahahahaha
James wasn't here for the last one
i haven't seen a storm ina bit
So he's like hurr hurr a storm
And km like
You don't understand
This is no usual storm
This is
A DERICHIO
NO USUAL STORM
that sounds
like an emo song
It was meant to
I'm watching the running man
i just did my sisters fafsa
shes gonna school ig
hahaha
Whaaat
Damn
There's hope for us all
hahahahahahaha
did I tell you about
ok so my sister is going to school
but did I tel lyou HOW
tell*
hahahahaha
I just learned this recently
No tell me
She has a 47 year old, MULTIMILLIONAIRE sugar daddy. He's real. I've seen photos of them. SHE IS OFFICIALLY THE MASTER OF US ALL HUNTER. SHE IS GONNA GET EDUCATED ON A RICH GUYS DIME WHO LETS HER DRIVE A LAMBO
that's where we are rn
.......
she is a people master
That's revolting
ISNT IT
GOD
BUT
I want to see a photo
at the same time, like wow how did she do that
it's mostly been snap chats. he's not like, disgusting
but he's about my fathers age
which makes me sick
lemme see
nothing yet. just snap chats haha
How old is she
18?
19 or 20
idk
lol
That's like 30 years age difference
yikes
I thought James and I were a lot lol
not compared to this
also
your motives are pure
maria is a sociopath
lol
They are lol
And she is
But I mean
She's having sex with a guy her dads age
So is she really the winner here
shes fucking her dad
I bet he has mad back hait
Hair
it's all #freud
HAHHAHAHAHAHA
OMG
Hahahahaha
Actually no
shockingly
i bet he's greying
think about THAT
for a second
i bet he has physical problems
due to AGE
Like his wiener doesn't work
NONOOOOOOOOOO
Hahahahahahahahahah
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOf whhyyy
why
why
prolly tho
I mean
Unless he is in peak physical condition
Hes got some wiener issues
That's just how it is
oh wow
I guess show
"wiener issues"
I'm sorry I say wiener now
Him: doc I'm havin someissues
doc: of what variety
Him: wiener
that's what I imagined
Hahahahahahhaa
Ahahahahah
So we're redoing the kitchen floor finally
oh yeah
And James tore it up and was like
B COME IN HERE THERES A KITTY PAW
And I'm like, what
HAHAHAHAHAHAH WHAT THE *FUCK*
We don't have a cat
And I go in, and he's dancing and pointing around the floor like hokum
Golum
And there is a tiny cat paw
Printed in the concrete
that's horrifying
But he had to cover it up :(
oh
hukum
btw
Hahahahahahahahaha
like hokum
the dancing goblin archduke
who dance
Haha haha haha yes
Do you watch supernatural
you are like the second person to tell me to watch that
I need to do it now
your recommendation, is essentially a guarantee
I didn't use to want to watch it
It's corny and low budget sometimes
But I'm deep into it now
It's awesome
I even got James to sit through it
that was my reservation
Yea it's no GOT
But it's good
Also
I watched rugrats last night
oh god
was it horrifying
Yea sort of haha
But it was honestly pretty funny
Worth a watch
i had recently watched that
it frighteneed me
it made me think
"how was I not horrified all of the time as a kid"
"chucky's fucked up"
then I remebered I was
I was too
It scared the crap out of me haha
nan
Hahahaha
have a nice egg
I make a living in wrastling
HAHA
Jon snow
Confirmed
King of the north
look at the flyer for this study on perception of vaping products
note the wording
nan
I was just about to message you. That's insane.
oh wow
haha
Lolok
I was going to tell you
I'm experiencing the worst period of my life. Didn't sleep all night because of cramps
oh no : / what's going on?
oh
And I was talking to James about how my blood sugar was low last night and I have to eat oatmeal to sleep
OH
yikes
i'm sorry man
And he was like "uh I guess"
And I looked at him and sai
With ferocious intensity
does he not get it lol
"You do not want to test me today"
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
He made it seem like I was crazy, he said "you're not starving you shouldn't need to eat"
Like he has never experienced low blood sugar
Pissed me right the eff off
does he not know that your sensitive to blood sugar levels AS IT IS
lol
"you're not drowning you shouldnt need to breathe"
He acts like its not a real thing
I'm trying to lose weight
I've lost two pounds
Low carbs
Also gotta shower brb
I need your assistance with something weird and sort of random
Yes go
I thought about the last time i was happy and perhaps the reason I'm not happy now
IF you can
think back to...summer 2014 to like december 2014.  I was happy. I had just started dating isaac. I was VERY focused on school. I was a little bit of a dork. I was a weirdo. An introvert. 

Now I'm a cynic. I'm a bully. I'm an ass. I don't care much about school. I'm not even outgoing, I just seek validation and people mistake social neediness for extraversion and sociability. People used to find me charming, people would describe me as a "nice boy." Now People often find me hard to be around. 


SOMETHING within that time frame HAPPENED and I don't for the life of me know what i was, but I'm trying to recreate old scenarios to figure out how i ended up so miserable, when I was so very happy
you don't have to have a real response
I'm just trying to figure this out, because you know I've changed a bit
and any help you can offer, will help me via therapy and self reflection get back to me. The actual me
I miss that person
So you were happy until you started dating Isaac for a few months is what you're saying
well I was happy until about the middle of the relationship. We both were. So I think it's definitely involved but I think there is a greater reason otherwise the misery would have started at a more consistent time in the relationshi
I know that's when you were in VA beach
we talked on the phone some
Hm. Probably has something to do with drinking and some drug use.  Environment. Stability.
One thing that helped me a lot
Because I was also very miserable
Was focusing on goals
I guess a good question would be like...Before then. When..I hate to bring this up. But when you and that racist mutant were dating, I hung out with you. I was happy. I changed. What did you see change in me?
And staying busy
that's helping me too
it is
that's good advice
Hahahahaha racist mutant
I had better ones
sorry
that was lazy
Jesus hahahaha
No that's good
Well
You had friends
You were social
You did things
I do now though.
Which is weird
so it's like
maybe more of a "brain" "personal" thing
idk
You were more childlike
THATS IT
Seems like you cared more about things
Like
that's also true
When you got into something you actually cared whereas now you'd be like "life is a joke who cares"
that's true
I think lea sort of put me into that
it's not her fault totally
but she didn't help
I appreciate the insights
it's helpful
Just stop being a cynic. Appreciate everything. The odds that you can experience life as a person are so small that everything is like a blessing
I've gotta go watch supernatural
Alright, ttyl
thank ya
Bye friend
i started watching GOT again
haha
Yes dude keep watching
The last two episodes this season were awesome
I started back at Season three
You've got a ways to go but you'll get there
It's so worth it
I'm excited
i was just looking at my "memories"
and a year ago
i quoted you as saying
"there re reptailian shape shifters. This is something i DEFINITELY believe"
hahahaahah
Hahahahahaha
My god
Seriously though
Who knows
"It could happen"
not you, sheeple
I saw this post
someone: *jokingly references god*
atheist: You Come Into My Home And  Attack Me Like This You Goddamn Sheeple Die
Lolol
Driving rn
ah i c
nan
Hahahahahahaha
is it
I've been listening to her recently
That's hilarious
I have on and off
only because i realized after getting a third party opinion...she's like kind of bad
but i still love her
hahaha
Kind of bad? What? No
i think like
her music is quite soothing to me
but every song is just a rearrangement of summertime sadness hahaha. which oddly, i don't mind.
but i think she might actually be a rose smoking a cigarette, to be fair
That is fair. I see a lot variety in it. I've never thought them to be similar
i think the ONE thing that bothers me
is "singing your song, ah ah ah ah aha ha ah [ect] THATS HOW YOU SING IT"
because it almost seems like a joke I would make
lol
Haha Yea that is silly
Just got some mortar fire works
Hahahahahaha
oh boi
haha
thatll be fun
can i have a link to our old youtube vides
or your channel
hahah
My channel was hunterarmy1
nan
Were you harmed by an alien life force
No it's a charcoal mask
Hahahahaha
Made of Elmer's glue and activated charcoal
Question
I am drunk
So
What is activated charcoal
Google it.  It's awesome for alcoholics too. Hahaha
It adborbs toxic matter
You can drink it and it gets rid of heartburn and gas
Brush your teeth with it
Etx
Etc
I will check that out
Good looks
Remember that Hahahaha
What is that
I do not
Martin Hayden said that a lot
And snap
Pointed
Lol
I have to perform a monologue about race by a black guy in my acting class tomorrow
I'm bugging out right now
There's a girl in my class from Africa
Hahahahahaha
Focus on the chinese
It's by cornel west
He says
Brother
Help
Hahahahahah
Oh nooo
You can't say that unless you are "urban" or wear a bandana and buckle jeans
nan
Hahahaha
Have you started playing?
YESSSS
Omg hahaha
I've been driving around to pokestops
Driving like an idiot
To get pokeballs
Committed#
I know someone who lives above a shop that's a stop
He just lays in bed
Hahahaha
OMG I was just thinking about that hahahaha
Lucky duck
please god look at the image i just shared
hahahahah
Okay
HAHAHAHA
someone needs to shop him into a Pokemon go situation
Gecko pix on snapchat
Soon
http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/dna.png
Yeeea basically haha
have you ever been on xkcd.com it's pure gold
lol
No what is it
it's just science comics, randomly generated
they all are like the one i just sent you
haha
I'll have to visit it. Today is my moving day
oh yeah??
neato
Yep, putting clothes in a trash bag lol
Need to get some pots and stuff
that's exciting
It is!  I'm gonna miss James though
awh
yeah
well
ya win some ya lose some
it will be weird at first though
living here was like a rehab of sorts
A halfway house haha
It's time to fly out of the nest!
was one of our jokes ever using the word "manipulate" too much to describe us physicall changing something instead of using the appropriate word
I believe so, yes
One of many jokes
damn it. I made the joke today
And i was like
That we had
this feels too familiar
Lolol
I was pulling into my parking lot
Singing the smiths
Let me let me let me
Park where I want this time
I was at a pool, a childs pool, with a lever that changed water flow, and i asked my friend to use it to manipulate the stream and she was like "why did you use those words"
oh my god
lololololol
"What words would I use?"
Hahaha
right
that's how I speak i'm a gifted orator
then she kept saying manipulate inappropriately and i was like THIS FEELS TOO CLOSE TO HOME
so i had to ask
It was mocking me though
it wasn't shared joy
Haha
also what was that machine you snapchatted today in your lab
i keep looking at it
I'm having to prepare for a trip tomorrow
Well
oh boy
where to
It's called a roto something
New river
For a truffle hike
ohhhhhh that's awesome
i'm jelis
It's a lot of work haha
We hike 3 miles in and then dig around trees in a structured method
I have to get up at 5
oh wow
that sounds sort of fun
haha
as long as im not too tired to dig, it is
waiting on my hiking clothes to finish washing so i can throw them in the drier
i have one pair of jeans lol
i miss mountains
WellI need to get to bed like right now
I'll catch you later dude
g'night
have fun
lol
nan
here comes day boi
Oh my gosh that's what I needed thank you
I just cried for a solid hour
I felt like you were the first person i needed to send this to
whats up
I'm okay now I thi k
James and I had a stupid argument that resulted in him telling me in draining him and i need to do something like see a therapist
Build self worth
oh wow
like
you need to build self worth?
was the implication?
That's my conclusion. I told him i need to, and he said maybe see a therapist
thats the thing
therapy never hurt anyone
but it helps
even if theres no issue
BUT
you cant use it as leverage in a fight. that's a sign you ALSO may need it haha
i mean
i feel like as of late
your self confidence and worth has been better than before. I mean neither of us have great, that, but I feel like you've been doing better with that
do you feel like you need to? or was it just a fight
I have been doing better.  But he pointed out that when I am away from him for a few days I start picking fights and getting offended, which is sort of true
And I think it's because I want validation
Which points to my lack of self worth
i do the same thing
i am in therapy and its helped a lot
i brought isaac into a session with me
How did that go?
so well. we were able to, with no fear of backlash, address our issues, and then get suggestions and objective feed back
the thing is
That's awesome
LITTLE Thing are worse than big things
they build up
Yea this is true
that's usually the issue in relationships
i think
I don't like James' drinking and I mention it to him
what does he say?
He doesn't really say anything
He's like "oh Yea my two drinks before bed"
But he drinks every night
is it two though
Always
or is it 6
It's two to four normally
Sometimes six
but every night
Yes
like more than like half a glass of wine
like
an amount
"amount"
Yes
i don't know how to articulate this
He drinks him and tonic normally
Gin
I mean i'll have a glass of wine, maybe a half a glass when I'm winding down in the evening sometimes
but gin
that's a little heavy
i mean
Yea I know
maybe keep asking
he needs to respond
Yea that's what I've been doing
in some way
even if its anger
He knows it isn't good
He's not retarded
maybe he just doesn't wanna talk about it
Maybe.
which is maybe why he drinks? if so i get that
therapy fixed that one for me lol
that's tricky though
if you keep bringing it up
and no progress is made
he's probably strugggling with it in his own way
obviously, well
lol
Right haha
Has your drinking gotten better?
yeah
That's awesome dude!
therapy fixed it. It was fear of communication
lol
Wow haha Yea I could see that in James
I answered questions like james does with you
i get it a little bit
When he finally gets upset enough to address things he does it in such a tactless manner
its a good defense
ahhh
i see
Like its been seething
Or he's autistic
hmmm
well
I think maybe asking him something related to the drinking rather than about the drinking itself could help. Such as "What's on your mind?" "have you had an alright day?" "What are ya thinking about"
unless he's the type to instantly feel like those are leading questions and be like "I'm not drinking too much"
because that's a thing people do
haha
Hahahaha
I think he would give a cop out answer
He avoids deep intimate talks sometimes
Unless he really has something to say
well those are pretty needed haha
yeah
i see
i mean
my first intimate talk with isaac
i had to face the wall
lololol
it's probably a work in progress
therapy wouldn't hurt at all
I'll set it up this week
good
Thanks dude
of course
Seriously
i just I'm gonna REALLY REALLY push therapy on people who ask these sorts of questions, especially relationship related
it is
so much different than you think haha
it's amazing
it's weird
Okay haha. I've gotta jump in the bath, I'll message you after
alright buh bye
Hey again
hey
I'm listening to machina
niiiiice
Such a good album though
Maybe my favorite
i need to talk about something with you
only because
i have no bros
and you are my bro
it's a #brothing
Shoot bro
I just saw John and he couldn't get over now normal I look hahaha
Hahahahahaha
He would
have you been following this the #kimexposedtaylorparty???
IT IS GIVING ME SO MUCH LIFE RN
YAS
Tays goin down
Fuck her
Lol
DOCTOR
davif wallace
and trabajadora
dude i played a drinking game based on repulican speeches or something
needless to say i got drunk and commented on my own photos
I figured something like that haha
hahahaha
observe the images on this page
https://twitter.com/WeRateLizards
it's the funniest thing
OMG yes
they reference pancake animal
and they say things like
rt this money lizard 10/10
its perf
there are also cute images of babies geckos
I see all of this haha.  If I used twitter I would participate but here I am at 22 years old still playing ever quest
i am sitting in class laughing, because my stats professor is ABUSING the word "perform"
like how many times can he say it in a class, LETS SEE
Hahahaha
James just said "I'm not an aunt, I'm an uncle.  An uncle is a male ant. An aunt is a female ant"
Why is this so funny I'm losing it
Hahahahhhhha
Hahahahaha
nan
I thought of a person
A specific person
From the old days
Hahahahahaha
Who?
He's 56
....
Do i know him?
Personally?
It's josh
Hahahahahahahahahaha
I'm sorry
I once joked that he was 56
Omg
I haven't talked to him in a long timw
He's so
Cringe
Yeah I don't blame you
He's 56 years old.
And has blonde hair
He's is like Donald trump in this way
He's just sad
Like truly pathetic
This is accurate
can you remind me of columbus or central ohio groups or places or people that would be good to go to for geckos? leopard geckos more specifically
You got gecko problems?
I've got the desire for another gecko
Lol
Just not a pet store gecko
How are your current ones doing?
Any updates?
Fun stories?
They are really healthy and much fatter than when at pet I
Pet co
Crickets have propagated in the enclosure. We haven't had to buy anything but worms in months
Haha
There are several generations
Lolol that's awesome
So you want to buy a nice one
Yes
Well Isaac is getting very into having more geckos and we both like leopard geckos a lot
Just be careful, you get too many and hit a patch of badness and no one takes care of them and it becomes a burden. I know lol.  But there are reptile shows all around Ohio.
I figured so haha
Look at my last snap I'm fucking dying
that snap tho
Hahaha right
nan
Hahahaha
I love that page dude
god
the opposite of himself
lesbian
I've been binge watching sunny
(CDW)
it's like vaping christian father but better
Thank you, thank you *bows*
I would unfriend him but today I enjoy my own commentary too much
i enjoy it
keep it goig
See my last comment?
Comedy gold
it id
it is
did you knwo that giraffes horns are called osicones
wtf
Noooo what
some girl in front of me is now looking it up
i'm watching her
Do they help make noises
it's true
I DUNNO
i'm so intrigued
Have you heard a giraffe
no
We listened to giraffe noises a couple months ago
Very loooow sounds haha
how did you learn to get the weight of the world off of your shoulders
i only ask
because i know you did
the weight of other people
i know you well enough to know you did it
Well, it's still there a lot of the time. I still have anxiety.  But the difference is, I fight it now.
well of course. i would be shocked if it wasn't still a little
It's easier to get rid of the weight of people.  You have to exit them from your life.  Just let them fade away if they take away from you in a way that you can't justify.
i honestly just need help. i don't know who else to turn to. no one knows me as well. I've taken on everyones issues as my own, and im trying to focus more on school. so much expectation
just fade?
is it easier said than done?
or can it just be done
becausei  need fade
because i*
It can just be done.  It's a conscious decision.  Don't answer that text.  Unfriend them.  Block if you have to. Stop talking to or about them. Just disassociate yourself from that or those people.
I just needed to hear all of this
i know it
but as you know
it's different if you say it
ect ect
Yes I know lol.
i'm responsible for all my friends depressions, life crises, problems. i am also responsible for getting good grades and working hard
its seeming to be a bit much
im having a slight crisis lol
i just needed to read it
Stop being responsible for anyone besides yourself
i need to strategize a bit
that is the best advice i could give myself
Tell them you love them but they need to get a therapist
"Stop being responsible for anyone besides yourself"
no one else is my responsibility
you're right
everyone treats me like a pyschotherapist
i've got to change that
but not playing into it
And often you'll find that those people are some of the people you need to get our of your life.  They're clinging to you because you give them attention.
Desperation is not love, and they're probably just desperate
you're right
the irony is
i feel like i was giving you this advice like two years ago
lol
but you're so correct
i'm just at a loss, dude
overwhelemed
overwhelmed*
you're***
Hahaha
I mean anyone can just SAY things haha.  But it takes a lot of time and focus to practice what you preach.
it does
i've said them
no practice
lol
I still have days where I cry for hours and don't know what to do with myself
im thinking of starting tai chi in the autumn
yeah
me too
like today
i'm crying whilst studying
But at the end of every day I make myself think about all the great things in my life and feel grateful for them, and then try again the next day
i try my best to do that
It really does just take time.  I'm telling you, the biggest thing you can do to start the process of becoming calm and happy is removing people who cause you stress and worry
It jump started it for me
After that, it's just self work
that makes sense
i just feel so, helpeless
I've always been the one who helped
so it feels like shit to ask for advice
people rely on me
not the other way around
which is skewed thinking i think
Here's a secret
yas
People often do not want advice
They want to see and follow
ohhhhhh this is so true
they sometimes
just want to hear what they want
People don't listen, but they will imitate
they cherry pick what you say
is that even advice
they want to feel right
If you become a stable person and happy, people will start following you and listening to you because they will thirst for what you have
(Thirst haha)
#thirst
yeah
i get that much though
that makes sense
like assert myself as a leader, or even jsut confident in my OWN dealings
and people will look to that
Well not just that.  It's not about asserting yourself or trying to be a leader. Just focus on being happy.  Everything else falls into place when you're doing things because you enjoy them
I used to be that
like about two year ago
And when you start doing stuff because you want to, you stop feeling guilty about doing things
happy focused
want to focused
ive let myself deviate a bit
Also something that's been a big weight for me that I've had to let go
Is thinking "I used to be what I wanted"
Often time when I think that, I'm actually wrong and have a distorted view of myself in the past
And it actually distracts from current reality to wish for an old self
Likw
I used to be enlightened and eat a perfect diet
But really
I was schizotypal and obsessive
what if i lose a mealworm and it becomes a beatle and a gecko eats it
is that like
unhealthy
or jsut not favorable
Hahahaha
I doubt they'll eat it
Mine never did
he did
and enjoyed it
Hahahahaha
lmao
Hahahahahaha
It's probably fine
I wouldn't worry about it
You got a weird gecko though
he licked his mouth and layed on his belly all evening
they are both weird
Hahahahaha
they suck at hunting
they CANT catch crickets man
they CANT
Are they blind?
the progeny has propagated and all they can catch is worms, well one of them is wAAAAYYY worse but the other isn't fantastic but can still catch crickets
omg
how can i tell
if they are
They totally miss when going for a bug hahaha
They may have had bad eye sheds and it could have impaired their sight
is there a way to help that
hahaha
i feel like that happened
Tong feeding tbh
oh boy
they are special needs
arent they
As long as they have a humid hide they should be fine for sheds
Hahahaha
hahahahah
i said that
and isaac goes
"we didn't sign up for this cathy!!!!111"
I have one like that, some geckos just are not good at eating
Looool
yeah
one of them is realbad
#realbad
one eats like a maniac
I've been syringe feeding a gecko for months
And she just started eating mealworms
And I'm so happy
we have a syringe
we may try that
They're fat, you don't need to lol
they are fat now
i am pleased
one was a little thin
I'm glad you are pleased
they look much helathier than a pure cricket diet
they HATED wax worms
would not touch them
Mine never liked them either. Meal worms are your best bet for leos
they seem to be
I feed them to my cresteds too
we are thinking about a crested in our other enclosure in the future
thats good to know
we treeat them like children lol
like it's so sad
the obsession is real
Hahaha yes, the obsession
It's really great
thats waht they call it
it is
i love them so much
i get it now
Did your female lay eggs?
not yet
i thought she may
the signs pointed to it
i think it was just weird behavior
How sure are you that theyre a pair?
they've gotten busy in front of us
lol
Oh good! Hahaha
Isn't it weird to watch
I paired a couple of cresteds yesterday
if they propagated we have the heat and facility to maintain it
And it was like
we would enjoy the hobbyism
Depraved
it is so weird
we have witnesssed
FEELLLLATTIOOOOO
seriously
hahahaha
Yea dude i know. Double fellatio because two pennies
hahahahaha
Penises hahahaha
PENISES
Or pennies
Because they're hemipenes
So that actually works
hahah
Man I'm working on this presentation and i have 4 slides mostly done
And I've had a cramp in my left calf for going on three days
on what topic?
Mycophagy and chemical ecology of truffles
i got runners knees. been taking out extra energy at the local gymnasium~
Hahaha gymnasium
Extra energy
Lolol
i don't know what that means
hahaha
but awesome
Truffle stuff
Not truffle butter
Which I just learned about
i've been writing a lit review of nonparametric zeta testing to argue against my PI in my lab
On accident
truffle butter
Thanks nicki
lol
NICKI
I forgot she existed
for like a sec
i like how we have a pretty vast knowledge, in different but complimentary fields
i'm very into biostats recently
that's like my thang
i'm currently in a biostats class as well
Right now my main focus is on like sleep and yogurts
I love sleep
It was one of the pleasures
that is pleasurable
I've been going to bed at 10 and waking up at 6
It's fantastic
I did that a few times last week
the feeling
And then
is
Then
yeah
hahaha
ok
I take a nap
Hahahahaha
OH YES
THAT KIND OF DAY
EVERY DAY
WOULD BE PERFECTION
Hell yes
It's so good
If you ever have disposable income
Invest in a good mattress
It will change your life
i have to get a new one
ill see what i can manage
what kind is your rec
lol
There's a guy here who doesn't advertise and sells them for like half price
im coming back
i should investigate that
It's a spring but has a bamboo pillow top
Full size
oh my gosh
that sounds amazing
Was $450
Normally would be like $800
shit
WOW
that is fabulous
Very much so yes
absolutely fabulous, folks
Hahaha
the mattresses, they have done such great things - they love me
but really
that sounds awesome
When are you coming back here?
early early august
first few days
What for?
Just to chill
If you and/or just you /james aren't busy it would nbe awesome to hang a bit as well
havent been back since winter
lmao
Yea it would be. Are you going to stay at your moms?
possibly yes
Last time I was there I think the AC was broken
Or not working
oh god
well
they are moving into a new house
whatever
hahaha
What?? Where and when?
like in august
they just made an ofer
i forget the area
it's on a hill somewhere
Oh shit I need to move the rest of my tubs out of the attic then lolol
dude
this video
oh my god
it's about the meaning of the nightman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8l2_mrwmXk
I'll watch later I'm starving
Just got out of presentations
yeah saw that
how did that go??
Apparently really good
I almost blacked out so I don't recall
Hahahaha
ffantastic
blacked out??
haha
Yea I was so nervous
Started at nine and had to wait until two to present
that happened to me at my first research presentation tbh
yeah
that sucks
it makes it worse
It was scury
hahaha
But I did it
you did the thing
When will you be here?
Sunday
hey
so
I'm trying to find a place for my geckos to stay for four days
my friend can only house them for two, and my mom is not coming to get me until next week
any specific fb group or way youd suggest going about this?
Search the Ohio reptile classified group. But honestly you're only going to be gone four days? They'll be fine with water
We have no place to stay though. So, we are staying with our friend tonight wth the geckos then we have to leave and were camping because we have no money for anything else
What happened to your apartment?
My lease ended and Lea went to Wisconsin haha
...what. don't you have a new place to go?
Not until the 15th when our new lease starts weirdly
Campus real estate companies do this to me all the time
Well poop. So how long in total do you need someone to watch your geckos
From tomorrow afternoon to Saturday afternoon
Okay I would join an Ohio reptile group and if you can pay, someone will watch them.
I did
There are a few groups, just search for them
Waiting to be accepted
Okay good.  I doubt anyone will steal them or anything because they're normals but be careful of who you send them with
What should I be watchful of
In this situation
People who you would suspect of being a fuckboy or redneck snake people who can't spell
Ahahha
Ok got it
Lmao
I've been watching so much sunny that I'm falling in love with Dennis
Hahahaha
Dude I've told you about my sunny dreams right
Where the gang are doing crazy things
Not entirely Hahh
Yes
Basically then
Yea basically. I have them like I couple times a month. For years now
Huge tip for mental health
Don't eat grains
Especially gluten
What? Lol
Starting reading grain brain
Stopped eating grains
Anxiety and depression virtually gone
I'm on day four I think
You in town?
Or tomorrow
Sunday
Cool beans :)
You get the geckos looked after?
yes actually, I got it al lworked out!
Hey awesome! :)
I had an encounter with coyotes. and what isaac and i think was a hybrid of a bat and an  opossum
I don't think that's possible right
you know biology
is that possible
Well science is pretty infinite so
Really its anyone's guess
i think i had a close encounter of the 2.23th kind
must have been an alien
Hahaha what
so like
How
after the coyotes went away
there was this ill defined creature
parading around our campground
Hahaha
it was amorphous
very fast
and could barely be seen
This is exactly why I don't camp
it made a raccoon sound
AND THEN
it was layered with what sound like an electronic drone and the clickings we used to hear on our phones
needless to say
i was shivering from fear
it didn't sound like a raccoon anymore haha
Were you guys on mushrooms
no
we had however
been awake until 6 am listening to coyotes fight over meat
so
either way
we both CLAIMED we heard and saw something we didn't recognize
hahahaha
I maintain this claim
You maintain it huh
Hahaha
I do maintain this notion, as the truth
When will you be here tomorrow?
late afternonnish
That's exciting. Staying with your mom still?
I have no other option, unfortunately, so yeah haha
How long are you staying
7 days as of nowe
now
Until your new lease?
yep basically haha
I'm currently just drifting
it's weird
like I stayed with a friend for a few nights
then just went camping
now I'm at a hotel for one night
i just like
lost it on rami man
he posted an antivaxx thing
I LOST CONTROL lol
i usually can ignore him, but this whole pseudoscience nonssense
yikes
I intended him after our last interaction
No I blocked him lok
I've been blocking stupid people left and right
good for you haha
Yea it's become a compulsion
If I see a post and it makes me even slightly angry
That person is unfriend or blocked
All day every day
I had to black rami last night u were right lol
I think I will subscribe to your ideology
if i get angry
remove the friend
Yea it's much more peaceful and you'll probably never think about him again haha
eactly
exactly
never again
My mom is about to pick me up with john in 5 minutes. This car ride is going to have too much speaking.
if it was just john, it would be less. haha
Hahaha right.  Long awkward car rides ftw
i wish that there was a large vehicle that was self driving
that allowed dancing
on trips
what are engineers even doing with their lives?
Like a bus or a train
yes but made for dancing
fuck
i keep doing that thing
where i think i've inented something
Right Hahaha
i recently invented "foot covers to get you used to the feeling of rough terrain"
...shoes
Isaac was like shoes
i said
no
Hahaha
it's different it's something I came up with
Slight variations of the idea
I'm having *brunch* at bluegrass
that sounds delightful
I miss that place
haha
I need to get to blacksheep while im in
We could go there for dinner sometime. Or lunch
I'm doing low carbs no grain so I gotta be picky if I go out anywhere
yeah that would be fun
haha ok yeah
you told me that
the grain thing for mental health
and what not
still haven't explored yet
Yea it's awesome. Reading the book Grain Brain
I feel awesome. Not eating a whole lot because I'm not as hungry
interesting
i like that notion
omg
theres a kid
over "there"
with a shirt
that says
"GAMERS don't die!! We RESPAWN!!"
OMG hahaha
That's all three of my brothers
want to get something to eat tomorrow
I was literally just about to message you Hahaha
or anything else ig really haha
depending on ur sched we could just chill in whatever way we feel ~
I know your grain thing is restrictive right?
Yea we can definitely do that.  And Yea sort of lol. Only thing I ate today was a mimosa and a breakfast burger with no bun. And a handful of almonds
Losing weight Yea!!
F yeah. If it's good for your brain I may just take advice from you and do it
I eat burgers with no buns anyway
lol
Yea dude this book is changing my life on the real
that's fantastic
It's not just grain but also carbs
ahhh i see
Hormone disruption and all that
With high insulin
interesting
I'm gonna ask more about this tomorrow to see if it's something I have the patience for llolololol
Okay haha sounds good. Forcing myself to eat a yogurt so i have enough carbs to sleep
Hard to sleep without carbs u no
erm yas i dew
I'd invite you over but pretty sure Lee would kick you out lolol
He's nuts
how so?
lol
He's just crazy
You know how he is
Is he like nuts like crazy or just in a mood
oh
so just like nuts
haha
I'll describe tomorrow. Give examples
ok niooiice
Living with him is hard
For sure
wow hm
i didn't know it would be like that
i figured it would be a little bit
interesting
It's not horrible but who cleans out the lint in the drier and put it in the sink
Who
OMG
WHAT
WHY
Yes hahaha
LIKE
DOUBLEYA
ACHE
Y
He has a mini fridge for his colognes
HAHAHAHA
oh my goodness
Etx
Etc
Hahaha
so it does turn out
that my mom is moving officially on the 31st
our place now
is just a storage space
there are no living things there
hahaha
Oh shit haha. Where is she moving?
Her and john got a house on top of the hill at edgewood. it's pretty sweet. I saw it today
my mom though...
Oh crap moving in together
she i guess forgot it had inhabitants
Big steps
and just went to show it to me
and there were people inside
Omg
HAHAHAHA
Hahahahaha
but yeah
they do now anyway
That's a very sunny situation
but my mom gets to rid herself of that house on the east.
for one on the west.
#tribebetrayal
That's awesome.  Hahaha
Hopefully it'll be easier to maintain it
it's nicer but it's not as like, tall and slender with all the nooks and crevices
i know that sounds weird
but I think you know what I mean
hahahaha
No I know what you mean
Bahahaha
it's not an old house
Well that's good
Easier to maintain
it's got some sufficient wooded area around it too
STOP SAYING MAINTAIN
HAHAHA
I LAUGHED
idk why
you said it twice
Maintain
Oh no
The forest
It's near the forest
the forest?
yes
TAKE TO THE TREES
HAHAHAHAHAH
Today i said
"I am le Michael, and I speak for the trees"
and my mom was like
i dont, get the reference
i didn't care
Hahaha
That's treetastic
treetasmic
oh god
sorry
So I've got to start watching lost again
OH MY GOD
YOU DO
SO DO
Or start watching stranger things
One or the other
dude
Or both
lost changed my world view a bit
hahaha
But i can't stop watching sunny!!!
I'm addicted
samesies
pop a quick h on there
HAHA
yes
oh my god
did you ever watch the videos i suggested analyzing dennis personality and charlies musical and how it relates to his childhood
hahahahah
No I don't think so haha
Maybe we can tomorrow
I'm tired dude
Gonna watch this ep and then go to bed
g'nighty
Night pal
Hey
Let me know when you're up
Hello
My alarm didn't go off haha
Hey
nan
I'm gonna hop in the shower in a sec and get ready
I already ate breakfast but we can grab some coffee if you want
Or walk around the mall lol
Teavaba
Works for me lol
#mall
I'm at oakwood at the dentist so try to be speedy and I'll pick you up.
You about ready?
In looking for toothpaste and as soon as I brush yah lol
Lol omw
I told you I'm at Johns right lol
No but that is where I shall go
Watch for me
Ok on sec grabbing my glasses
Think I just past it
Wait by the road
My family is so exhausting dude hahaha
My grandmother was like "between the Diet Coke and my foot drawing in I was up until like midnight!!"
HAHAHA
WHAT
IDK MAN
And she's so racist
Haha
nan
D I c k s o u t
Dude idek what this means hahahah
You have to say
Dicks out for harambe
Hey what's up? How's school so far?
Hey dude.  I would say great but what would mean is busy and exhausting lol. Been doing homework non stop.
nan
is he real
I see him occasionally so yes
Otherwise no
styx lol
alllrighhhhtt
Right hahahaha
is he also 56
He always has been
oh lord
he HAS
Pretty sure he was 42 in middle school
OMG
yah
Dude so guess who I just almost ran into in a stairwell in hamblin
Times up
WHO
oh no
oh noooo man
noo
who
Mr blackwell
WHY
HOW
WHAT
HAHA
He's an education professor
Apparently
He was SO SO CREEPY
wtffff???
He touched my habd
does he still listen to coheed and cambria
ohgod
ew
wha
tno
gross
He traced my tattoo with his index finger
NO HE DIDNT
He did
I swear
im so sorry
that's disgusting
Creeped me right out
he always liked you ~
Yea he was way too happy to see me
i know
And told me his office number and building in case I "need anything"
that's foul.
Like what could I ever need from you
that's so gross
Besides for you to go away
Yea dude as a kid I never quite picked up on it
But now I know
He's a pig
that's so funny because
like
it all makes sense now
he's a disgusting animal and a pervert
that's why we didn't like him
we were just too young to know this
Haha haha yes! And he knew we were onto him
We were the only ones that hated him
Remember all the girls who used to sit with him at lunch
Like they were his special angels
My god hahahaha
son of a bitch
NO
OH GOD
Yep
nan
what's weird about this
Send it again
nan
I just says Michael sent a photo haha
just saw this in neuroanatomy.
oh
hold on
hahahahaha
nan
Dammit it was a photo for like .3 seconds
Wth
nan
nan
okay
well it wont be as funny
i'll just say it
Okay
it is pointing to part of the spine called the "Rami Communicate"
I know
Hahahaah
Haven't seen him recently
he flew away
on his meta broom
Jesus lolol
is he still like totally nutso
or is he better
Probably crazy. No one gets better here. Name one person. Besides me.
Your reflection in the mirror, technically.
Hahaha right
you have a point.
I know not one person turned sane
so i think i'm gonna try and see beck in september
I'm trying to get other people to like beck
i know one guy
why does no one get it
Hahaha good luck. No one has a refined pallet like he
Us
THATS EXACTLY IT
OUR PALLETS
It is
Yes haha
Licks teeth
Pall et
Tongue flick
Shimmy
wow what imagery
shimmy
Thanks
haha
I practice
ok dr. words
That's professor doctor words the third to you
THE THIRD
lol
You know who is Dr words
Mickey blackwell
hahahaha
Mickey because of his mouse teeth
i forgot about mickey
mickey..
Oh Yea hahaha
I only know one other Mickey
And he's a weirdo too
Plays children's card games and Pokemon
And is a grad student I work with
quick interjection - these "Ramis" are pronounced RAY-MAI
i do not like anatomy lol
If I ever.see him again I'll say it like that
plz do
I haven't taken college anat yet
Doing Chem 1 and math 120
And American music
that really doesn't sound all too bad
american music should be laid back
a break from the other two
It's not. Irs worse haha
So much reading
Not at all interested in it
oh god
It's a requirement though so I'll get through
i'm sorry
haha
yeahh
I'm okay with some of my courses. I'm doing Calc 2, more Software Engineering, Violin, Music History, and neuro anatomy. I don't care for anatomy that much.
as you can see, I'm messaging you whilst in the class.
Hahaha. That's a big course load. I'm trying to keep it light. 14 credits this semester
this is my one big course load
i have 17
usually it's about 14
Jesus
Haha Yea that's a lot
I applaud you
i usually stick with 12 or 13 tbh
Yea me too.
one oy my classes is online tho
I'm taking three online, one in school.  But one of them is technical writing and doesn't start until the 2nd half of the semester
which one is online and which is in person?
Chem and Chen lab are technically two classes so they're at school.  Online math meets once a week for review and a test
that's how isaac is doing college algebra
once a week short meetings and reviews
my math is like that also
Yep it's working for me
i like working on math at my own pace.
it's so much betttteerrr
It's a lot of homework but I can handle it. Me too
yes same
I need a break sometimes lol
yes
And online lectures are awesome
and i need to take it on my time
RIght!!!
i agree haha
I drank strong tea this morning and have a dang ol head ache
And sleepy
i have had to take medicine for the past week. I have been so drowsy. I've had a very bad cough in my chest, but I needed to take medicine to make sure i don't go into fits of coughing in class. which I did initially
haha
so i feel
i am sleepy
Fits
I told my friend
in class..
"If I go into one of my fits, hold me down and pop cough drops into my mouth"
Hahahaha
and then she asked how mcu hcough syrup i had
I had too much
One of my fits
i almost accidentally robotripped
hahahahahahaaha
fits
so yeah it made me act weird ._.
I refer to James' stroke as a fit sometimes
Because I heard his aunt do it once
i love that
i love the term fit
ive been having to go to the library every day because they wont set up my internet coneection until next week
i'm getting used to more frequent library visits.
haven't been doing it much lately
Oh well that's a good habit to establish
Man I have Chem lab until about 5
oh god we're talking about referred pain and all i can think of is the states of our old hypochondria
oh boy
how is chem? at least lab?
i think you'd like lab
Hahaha
And it's okay. Sort of slow for now. I think I'm getting it
Also Blackwell is parked behind hamblin. Saw him leave WHY
if you ever have any issue or confusion about a topic, I tutored chem lol so just ask
wait
why
what
I HATE THAT HES THERE
I will ask. And I don't know dude but I'm so close to a restraining order just based on that one brief interaction
If he speaks to you again, report him.
to the school.
or the manager
I will. I'd like to get him fired haha
i would derive pleasure from that
honestly
i still have a grudge against that guy
Me too dude
Like what a weirdo. Should not be teacher anything
Should be a janitor at most
yes
out with him.
I'm so tired
I have a good Chem prof though
Me too. I'm going to go get some water
That's awesome
that can make or break chem
i had one bad chem prof
it was disaster for ALL of us
Haha Yea I was lucky. I picked the black guy.
That's a joke. It has no context.
Hahahahaha oh my god
There's on light in here that's going out
Means I might leave early lol
Hahhaha
Everyone learned today the dihydrogen monoxide sounds dangerous so they're all joking about it and how they're tricking people
That's fucking gay lol lolol ok
Lol*
Also
To counter that
You would never name it monoxide
It's just oxide
I know haha
I figured
Lol
Well isn't it monoxide as long as its the second element
If it were the first it's just oxide
I'm tricking James
Because I bet he won't get it
Hahaha
We'll according to IUACP rules
There is no one correct name
But you just say water
Hahahahaha
At so it's prof preference
Hahaha
The science guys don't like it
I can't wait for James to be like oh no are yoh okay
Hahahahahaha
And I'll be like, a little moist
Hahahahahaha
quenched
Hahahahahahaha
Titrated
Diluted
He won't know what to do
Jane's asked if they're evacuating
What do j say
Hajahaha
!!!!
Say not until they know how to contain it
I'm dying
Hahahaha
Tell him everyone is vomiting
I'm dying
Hahahahaha
nan
What do i sa
Say it's used to hydrate salts and neutralize weak acids
That's not false
Great
I'm laughing so hard. Trying to contain it
When do i say
It's making me wet
Or something
nan
Say only when exposed to air. It can quickly evaporate
I did
Gonna go ahead and tell him hahaha
Hahahahahaha
I liked this
It is pleasing
nan
I can't stop laughing
This is my blessing today
You've been blessed
Hope he isn't pissed
He's touchy about being stupid
Hes not
But he thinks he is
Yeah how would he know this tho
It's not something he'd know
It's trivia
Because di means two and mono means one
It's easy to figure out
Let me be nice about this I did most of the cruel joke
Lol
OMG he didn't get it
Fuck
What
nan
What
Nooo
Dammit now he's like, I'm driving, thought there was a leak
Kill me
Once again I'm the ass
Sigh
Whatever
Wow
I don't get what this is about
It was a joke
He's not angry but he got no laugh
Maybe a negative laugh
the dabbing video
omg right
hahahaha
i lost it man
i did too. dabbing is funny in the fiorst place
but his last episode was hilarious
his fit
oh my god
all of that
my neighbors have lots of geckos and a python and a bunny
i just met them this weekend
they are awesome gecko people
Oh sweet haha do they breed?
leopards
they have a crested or so though
i like them lol
what are the odds
we starting raising praying mantids also
i enjoy that
OMG that's awesome. ask them if they have a business name. what are their names? Its possible I know them lol
I don't know if they are a business but ill ask next time i talk to them
i know they have a lotof resuces
idk if they're hobbyists
or like
idk ill ask
haha
Awesome let me know. I'm getting a tooth pulled in the morning
ouch
im sorry
that sounds lame
It does. hopefully it won't be too bad. and the next day James gets his wisdom teeth out lol
oh god
enjoy that
hahaha
Right haha he's probably going to be knocked out on xanax the whole time. Not sure they'll give him real pain medication
maybe high dose ibuprofen
Which he already takes daily lol
Got my toof out
im vaping through my nose
this is the best thing ive heard ever
i cant not vape
i make a circle with my hand
put the mouth piece in one end of my hand and put the other end around my nose to create a sort of seal
and then suck in
I'm in love with your words
Well thank you
James just went to the VA. They're only giving him local because it's cheaper and since he doesn't have a private doctor he can pay for general
Can't pay for
He's freaking out. Gave him a xanax lol
What the hell man
The va is shit to vets lol.
He's worried they're not going to give him any pain meds. In which case he's going to ant all of mine
They gave me ten lortabs
Which is a decent amount for one person
Not for two addicts
ummmmm
oh wow
yeah
Of course I'm trying to be responsible with it and hope he does the same
Haven't had opiates in almost a year lol
James just got a school check and cashed it, and the bank person have it to him in all 20s
So we had to lay it out on the bed and count it, but now that ita in a fat stack
I've been dancing around the room shaking it around
Just thought the image might be entertaining
It's like four thousand dollars in 20s haha
omfg
jajajajajahahahaha
"im a rapper b, look at me b, im a rapper"
HAHA
our collective birthdays are coming up
Hey that's a truism
I'm going to need your new address so I can send you one of my good drawings
Oh sweet haha.  It's 302 Kenna drive, south Charleston, 25309
Did your mom and Matt get moved out?
they closed on the new house and the sale of johns house
they are in the process still. it just takes a while, as you've experienced hahaha
I was wondering if they moved any of their stuff out.  There was shit in almost every room lol
i think they're doing johns stuff first
because my mom is basically getting ridof everything
lol
Getting rid of or leaving it there haha
good q
I have to say I feel bad for whoever had to clean that stuff out there
have you seen the lizard called MacGyver
Yes lol
The tegu
I am in love with him.
YES
OH MY GOD
They're awesome animals
But they get huge lol
so beautiful
Michael, this is important
Can you or can you not get get medical edibles in Ohio
that will not happen for two years.
a bill was passed but will not go into effect for a looooong time
god damn
haha whats the point
who knows fam
i dont understand the law
only bird law
right haha
so
chemistry is hard
oh yes
it's a beast
i dont know if im cut out for the science life
here is a big secret
go
literally every single person who takes chemistry says that within three weeks.
end of secret.
hahaha okay
well
im really bad at studying
so its a problem
chem is not about studying in the way you know
it's about
repetition, like just doing problems over and over and over
and over..
exactly.  thats why im not doing great at math
hard for me to dedicate time to it
i hate it
why is that?
wel
the prior
not the hating it
lol
because i dont know what im doing and i get antsy and i have math anxiety
my focus wanders
its very hard for me
I see.
so
the solution is to force yourself through the anxiety. just this one time. stop the cycle. you wont be anxious if you eventually figure it out.
i know thats really simple logic
but it's how people typicaly get over math anxeity
i'm guessing there is avoidance
like you dont work on it much
due to its effect on you
yes
like it makes me question my field of study
like i should get a communicatoins degree
you need to try and power through it and accept you may have to work a bit harder just to get your head in a non anxious space. it's not about not knowing it, it's about getting in your own way and stopping your brain from aiding that
no you shouldn't
its been making me really depressed
i got a c+ and a c- in chemistry and so do 60% of the people who take it. they get a C. and the funny part is, that's with a curve. in my first chem course, I got a 59%. Everyone else was struggling just as bad as I was. it became a c-
like all i can think about it failing
c+ rather
you may get a failing point value
that doesn't mean you'll fail
so story ends like...
by the time i get to chem II I have the confidence to get in the C range, above everyone else, without a curve
sometimes it's just hard, and
a failing grade doesn't actually fail you in the class
Once you get through general chemistry you'lll feel like you can do anything. It's a HUGE confidence boost if you can get through
HUGE
does that happen often? people fail but still pass
Yes.
So often.
sometimes the curve is 10-15%
but don't rely on the curve
right
just think of it as your safety ney
i guess i just need to study
its really hard doing chem and math at once though
because really your grade depends on the grades of those around you and vise versa...that is if you're working harder you get an advantave
it is
Math + anything science is hard
right haha
ive started taking a xanax just to do my hw
I'm switching what I'm doing, and only because not failing chem gave me the confidence to feel like i could do anything in science
so many people fail
but it's not hard to pass if you work
you do that
haha
i guess ill just have to start working out the problems
its just a lot of steps
it's a lot of work. but it's two semesters and when you get through everyone who made it will understand and want to give you high fives for not giving up
people for because they give up
not because they try and are stupid.
that sounds true lol
and in my class the curve was so grand that like 50% was passing
wow okay lol
what stuff are you working on currently?
well i guess im gonna go make some food and try to do either math or chem
at least my american music class is in the bag...
Ha
um its like
i may have some study pointers
converting moles to grams and stuff
also
empirical formulas
Ah! dimensional nalysis.
analysis
ions
yes
Make sure you learn that before anything else. It's gonna be on every exam until next semester is over. It's more important that you master that cross multiplication part. Try kahn academy
ive got a semi good grasp on it so far
i just get overwhelmed by the ions
oh like knowing the cations and anions?
yea, you just look at the periodic table right?
and certain ones have certain ions
which i have written down
its like 1,2,3,0,-3,-2,-1
https://ka-perseus-images.s3.amazonaws.com/2ed38cf1808ecb46389eb0ce6002708cf5e596d1.png
or -1,-2,-3
memorize this pattern
columns 1,2, 15-18
okay yea thats what i was talking about
and when you ahe compounds
i sort of know that already
like KNO3-, you just have to know that it's -
lol
one sec
okay haha
alkaline, alkalide, etc
alkalate
nitrate, nitrite, nitride
http://igcsechemistryrevision.weebly.com/uploads/2/4/2/1/24217817/3083926_orig.png
this is useful
i should try to memorize that right?
as best you can
the compound ones with many elements
more important
those follow you to ochem
organic is easier right?
for you yes
there are two types of people in college
ochem people and gen chem
ochem people are visual learners and more artistic usually
gen chem
are more math oriented
both are really hard
but one will ALWAYS come easier to you
gen chem was better for me
i think ochem will be better for oyu
i sure hope so haha.  we'll see how it goes.  im gonna do some online homework, thanks for the help. ill talk to you later
good luck
ahah
nan
Can I pay you to take an online Chem quiz for me. Probably 8-10 questions
Here is your payment if you accept
nan
Gimme till one playing a recital
No rush at all. Thanks bub.
Is that chuck
Lmfao
Yes it is
It's still gonna have to be later, sorry haha I'm in class.
It's fine no big deal
ok so this quiz
tell me what it's on
and ask me questions before i just do it
lol
maybe i can help you get it
i dont mind
but if i can help first id like to
beginnign chem stuff.  dimensional analysis, figuring out how much of one thing you get when combining compounds
i mean i could use the help but with a graded quiz i need to get the best possible grade. i need to pass this class lol
give me two questions  you don't understand, and I'll write them out step by step in a way i'm certain the both of us would understand in the next 15 minutes, and if it doesn't help then i'll do it and just explain later because it is a grade
or even one
i think our issues with chem may have been similar conceptually
well tbh im exhausted from lab and lecture today and really just wanted to get it done.  id love some help understanding the concepts but i got 4/10 on an in class quiz today and really need to start getting more points.  if you want to try to help first we can try to do it tomorrow or something, but my brain is done for today
ok
send me what to do
here is the link
http://myonline.wvstateu.edu/
let me check my login real quick
login is harmstead, pw is Alienfetus7!
haha
chapter 1?
2?
let me check
chapter 3
the quiz, not the hw
again, i will pay you for this lol
ok
i mean
i really only demand that you let me show you some tricks and learn it
because these things come back in more advanced bio
lol
also
do you know how many questions so I can prepare? it's 45 mintues.
its 8-10. probably 8.  and if you want to write these down as you do them, then notate them, ill study them
ok
i will do that
thank you so much.  trying to learn concepts and also keep up with the grade points is difficult
i udnerstand
ill help as much as i can
thanks bub.  i did really well in lab today though.  doing stuff makes it easier.
you got a perfect score
i am sending you the sheet I used
You're an angel. Thank you.  Doing yoga rn. Will look it over after :)
it's much more ratio oriented when you look at it. you can elminate a lot of the  something/1 or 1/something
i did it several ways
you can look later
Okay. How many questions was it?
5
Oh not bad lol
I'll check it out later :)
oh my god
i made a silly mistake
What
you missed one
lol
Hahaha that's okay
i just realized what i did
it was conceptual
it's been a while lol
4/5 is much better than whatever I would get guessing lol
it's right on the sheet...
lol
so just go on that one
Okay haha. Later dude!
nan
nan
awesome thanks :)
i just went through our old tweet garbage from the summer before last
lol
something about good being good in bed
avacados
limes
hands
Lol that is garbage haha
We were nuts
it is so funny to read though dear GODDDDD
Hunter Armstead @binaryfizion  18 Jun 2015
Carrot Top is literally a ripped asshole.
what even dude
Hahahahaha
LITERALLY
"""not everyone with colored hair is interesting"""""
you said this
it's still true
Sorry working in lab.  And yes I see boring people with colored hair every day
So I guess last night James pulled someone out of a flipped car by standing on the back of his jeep
WHAT
Hahah
Pmfg dude
Yea he said his combat training kicked in and he doesn't remember much
And then he left because a cop showed up
How crazy is that
Insanity
wow hha
He's my little rescue ranger
A friend of Bella's apparently
nan
that's her father
OMG no
he's kinda cool
lol
haha
I've heard great lore or the honey witch
you know what I've realized about life? Ever since I stopped self handicapping, i've realized how difficult people around me make their own lives, haha
Oh Yea? That's a fun realization lol
Seeing people throwing fits for no reason
I don't think I've ever consciously heard that term before
what term?
Self handicapping
yes
i learned it recently
I do that. Haha
i have been eating crickets for the past two days
isaac made them for insect biology
and I had cricket salad
baked crickets
and now a cricket sandwich with sriracha
I understand what sates the geckos
Are you serious hahahaha
yes
it's SO good
it's like so protein rich
tastes like chicken with an exoskeleton
Huh.  Might have to try that sometime
you would like it.
My mom is flying out tomorrow so tonight is her apex of crazy
oh boyy
I haven't been able to do my math homework
She's fucking nuts
sighs
i know
i am sorry
: /
Do you think you could help?.
It's basic graphing
yes.
whens it due?
I understand it but don't have time and it's due tomorrow at eleven
i can do it later this evening
Okay, do you have a PayPal?
Yes.
haha
it's just my gmail
Remind again what it is. I'll send you payment for this lol. My mom is trying to lure me to her house with claims of her falling in the back yard
oh god
i'm so sorry
hahahaha
its amt2893
She's nuts dude
Okay one sec
well it's gonna be over soon
lol
God i hope so. I've been playing the game to make sure she takes the flight
we got a baby brazalian pink salmon tarantula
Awww I've never had a tarantula before
they are the second largest in the world i believe. It may grow to about 10 to 11 inches in legspan
It's coming thursday
Here let send you the assignments and pages. It's not a whole lot, mostly odd numbered stuff.  If you could do it and email photos of it to me I'll print them out lol
Did you order it?
yes.
and ok
i will do that
That's awesome dude. Sent you some money
ok cool i'll get on this when i get bck from the gym this evning
nan
isaac is in the same class doing the same thing
im helping you both at the same time lol
I did 2.2 so you just have to do 2.3 and 2.4
If you need an answer to one I have them in the back of the book
how do i accesss this book
haha
I was going to send you photos of the pages
OHHH
right
i forgot
haha
As long as you can email them by about 10:00 tomorrow we'll be good
I'll have James print them
oh i can def do that
Thanks so much. I've got to study the lectures for my quiz tomorrow but dude you can't even imagine how tired I am from dealing with my mom. James is about to shoot himself from working on her pc
oh god
yeah
no worries then
hahaha
Her are the pages in order. Helps me to write them all down first
nan
Any eta on that?
I just got back from the gym, calc project, then I can start
Okay bub
You got that?
I have class in less than an hour
It was a ridiculous amount of work that you put off for two weeks and I had a 9 am. I sort of just thought it was a small assignment. I couldn't get it all finished also I thought it was due tonight not this morning so I goofed up ._. Agh
Well you could have looked at it when I sent the assignment and said it was too much.  Or told me before my class what was going on.
I didn't put it off for two weeks.  I put it off for one night because I had to help my mom.
I stayed up until like 1 doing that and my own work in tandem. The date says "the week of 9/16" on it it's not a big deal I just thought I had more time to finish it is all and didn't know it was to be turned in this morning. I thought the sheet said by tonight
I told you by 10 am this morning
It's no big deal I'll just take the zero.  If you could send that $15 back I'd appreciate it
Unless you want to finish it and i can see if I'll get some points if I email it in later today
You know I wasn't gonna say no and I'm happy to help, I'll totally send it back dude
Well if you can't do it in time no reason to try anyway
It's no big deal, just saying
I would ask you to Just read this back to yourself and see if you're okay with the way you're speaking to me. I'm literally doing my best to help you with school and I'm not expecting money or anything other than feeling like I'm not a part of a transaction or a bargain and I just want help and I would have done it without the money. I have a hard time not helping when asked by anyone most of the time unfortunately
I get that dude but understand the position I am in as well.  I'm not speaking to you in any way I wouldn't speak to anyone else.  Trying to state facts, sorry if it's coming across any way.
Well that's okay dude. I just wasn't clear on how severe of a position you were in until this moment
I am just sorry I couldn't finish in time
I thought I could
The amount of stress I've been under this week has been literally crazy.  I did really well on my math last week and am really trying to keep doing well.
Onto wouldn't have agreed
I'm sorry I asked too much
I understand
No
I didn't know it would take so long
I like
Tried to do too much at once because I knew you had been doing well and didn't want your mother to cause you to fall behind
I just had less free time than I thought
It's okay. I'll make sure to do better next week.  Thanks for trying to help
I am always avilable to assist I think in the future I just need to be more reasonable with what I have time to do and let you know if I can't and realize that you aren't gonna condemn me if I say no or I can't lol
Yea dude if you can't do it just tell me lol. I was even thinking, wow he can do that? Sounds like he's super busy already
Well I as usual it's another example of me stretching myself so thin that I fall asleep on a book trying to feel righteous lolol
Yeah I'm not gonna put you in thisnpoisotion again
Or myself
Bad for both of us lol.  Don't fall asleep on a book. Got 19/20 and 20/20 on my stuff last week. Hoping I can keep the momentum
Oh wow ok
This is one misstep
Your prob gonna be just fine
Don't sweat it
If those are your scores you will do just fine on the exam ect ect
If I keep on it lol. It's making more sense now.  Except for today my brain is foggy, took mom to airport.
Serious question here, unrelated sort of
I've been researching ketamine IV treatment for depression that is resistant to usual prescribed medications
Do you think John would help me get that done? A ketamine infusion?
If not I would have to travel to Maryland or something
What are you on for depression?
He would if he assessed you as resistant to all treatments probably
Well I've been on antidepressants through different doctors
I don't want to take them against to
I'd like to just try the IV
They've ruined my sex life and made me suicidal when I was on them
I think I can do it without a referral but I'd have to go to a clinic somewhere.  it's already really expensive and insurance doesn't cover it
They don't do that stuff without a clinician referral unless you wanna leave the country lol I'm pretty sure
Maybe Canada tho
It says online they'll do it without, I think
I'll have to call
Where do you have to go?
Baltimore or something. I'll call and ask
Interesting
That makes sense
They said if doctor won't refer there's a form they can sign just saying that he treats me
Because they know some doctors won't consent
It's in Baltimore $450 a session up to six sessions
I can do it one a day
If you had treatment resistant depression you would be incapacitated and unable to even seek help. You're just very depressed and looking for a way to solve it and I'm really scared this won't do the trick for you because sometimes intermittent depression is harder to treat and I don't want you to spend a whole lot of money
Unless Insurance can??
Check into that
They will normally reimburse some
And Yea i am looking for a way to solve it and I think this can work. I could just do two sessions if i wanted
It's also for anxiety and pain and I've been in a lot of pain
Unless I could find it from an actual person and buy it which doesn't seem likely
Or as safe
I'd have to get a loan to get treatment
Have to have dental surgery again
They think they left a root tip in my bone. Hurts
jesus christ
why do you have such bad luck with dental surgery dude
Because my throat chakra is chronically off balance
Obvi
Hey can you send me that$15 please
hey dude
hey sorry
yeah i can
i totally forgot to answer this
my b
exams the pas few days
haven't been responding to messages
Let me check my paypal
I feel dude, you're good lol. Just wanted to wish you a happy birthday
oh thanks
shit
wow
i FORGOT
ABOUT
THAT
i issued the refund
Haha thanks. How was your day?
good. i'm about to go out to some bars or something. isaac lost his id so he's drinking here
lol
Haha well that should be fun I hope
dude so get this lol
for my birthday, someone got me, the entire kit, like everything that patrick bateman uses in his 'morning routine'
i'm going to use all of it, every day
Oh my god how
Hahahaha
That should tell you something
HAHA
that my skin is going to be really, really unnecessarily exfoliated?
Yes that
Happy Birthday pal
Hey :) thank you!
I hope your days has been fantastic
It's been pretty good.  Nothing too special lol. Just ordered some bone collagen on Amazon
hey, nothing is wrong, but i just wanted to remind you that I love you and I think about you all of the time. Don't forget it. We don't talk as much now because we're both busy, but don't forget that.
Aw thank you :) I don't forget lol.  but yea we are pretty busy. I'm building a PC! Something i though you would appreciate haha
Oh yes!!! hahaha. I think I saw a photo you posted of that
that will be fun
Yea that was my motherboard. Just got a core i5 in the mail this morning.
what inspired this?
Well my laptop is crap, and I had been using the good laptop from the lab, but I stopped doing research and had to give it back. And my old laptop won't connect via hdmi to my TV.  My mom gave me her dell and after looking inside it we concluded we could use some parts and put them in a corsair case, which we did.  and then James surprised me with a new motherboard and processor so all i need now it to eventually update the video card and get a solid state drive, and some more RAM
Yeah I would highly rec a solid state. haha
that sounds like at least it would be a fun project despite how you ended up iwth a crappy laptop
Well hopefully once this is done I can just leave that laptop at James' so I can do homework when I'm visiting.
Ah I see
Yeah
That would make it easier
so
im considering switching majors
Interesting, to what?
ive been looking at art and education, so far
You would like that
It sounds you I think
im only in my sophomore year and thinking about the classes im going to have to take makes me nauseous
maybe im not interested in real hard science
Like some of them or all of them?
most of them
i talked to my core lab manager about it and he said he'll support me either way and i can still work in the lab no matter what i study
ive just hit this point where i dread studying chemistry, and advanced math makes me feel hopeless
I think you are, but maybe this isn't the right college program for you
Minor in biology:
Like how I dropped neuro and minutes instead
ill have to see what the requirements are to minor in bio
i just realized that even if i finish all these classes somehow, and graduate, it's just going to be more of the same when i get a job
i feel like theres this creativity inside of me that ive been surpressing
to teach kids or do art
I feel that.
i like working with and helping people more than i do working in a lab
Same dude
I don't dislike science I just don't like the 9 to 5
I like presenting work
But not if the process is miserable
SAME x1000
the concepts are great
and i love animals and the concept of space and time and matter
but past the concepts, i cant grasp the nitty gritty
You can but don't want to bad enough to sacrifice yurself at its altar. Like neuro anatomy and I
right, i could probably do it, but i would need to move 500 miles away from my family and get tutored 3 hours a day
my family really is making this very hard
its stressful enough without them
What's happening there?
i cant get them to leave me the fuck alone
lee starts fights with me all the time
to the point where when hes home im afraid of him
because he's crazy and would probably hit me if stuff got bad enough
or destroy things
my mom is a psychopath
did i tell you she moved back?
What the fuck
It's been how long?
it was a week and she came back, after all the work we did getting her house ready to sell
all the emotional support i gave her
and she came into my apartment and took a bunch of stuff back that she gave me
like food and shit
face washes
shes ruining my ability to focus
WHAT THE FUCK
What
Dude
i CANNOT take these hard courses with them in my life
and i cant get them out of it
I don't blame you
Is there no way to at least get her out
my gpa right now is a 2.8
thats not good enough for me
no she calls all the time
she lives half a mile from me
if i were to minor in bio, i would only need 9 more hours
That's not bad !
no it's not and i can choose those ones, it'd be 9 hours of 300-400 level classes
which would be fun to pick
and i know artists dont really get paid to do anything so thats my only reservation
but i could teach with any bachelors degree
This is not a bad plan
so if i did art with a bio minor i already have 46 of the required credits
id need 74 more
if my homework was drawing, painting, anything with WORDS, i would actually be excited to do it
im not amazing at drawing but i could learn
i think changing majors would be better than flying to a foreign country and volunteering, which is what some people do to get away from the stress of school lol
do you know people doing psych?
is isaac?
Sorry went outside
Yes
Isaac is
does he enjoy it?  he seems super happy lol
He does very much
does he struggle with it an abnormal amount?
He's said dismissively "not at all"
baha okay
im thinking about it.  thats the one degree ive always sort of gone back and forth on
and now that im realizing the self loathing i feel is not worth a bio degree lol
im considering it
It's interesting but it's the easiest science if U like science
I did that wth neuro
i never heard much about you switching majors
what made you do it?
I made it into andouboe minor in CSE and neuro. I didn't have any interest at all in my upper level neuro courses or anatomy. I had no passion for it anymore
yea i feel passionless trying to do chem, and this math is hard for me so upper level math would probably be the end of my self esteem
im just tired of failing at things im expected to be good at
my dad and mindy both have science degrees and my mom has always told me to be a doctor
but im slowly learning they dont even know who i am
Same
I did neuro because it was consistent with medicine
My family's wishes
exactly
and i feel like theyre going to think im a disappointment
but it doesnt matter
i dont like them
Turns out I like another side of science I do in fact like but they never let me see it
You may like psych a whole lot
You should take another class in it
I'd recommend social or bio psych
they always thought you wanted to sell vacuums but really, it was on the inside of them that mattered most to you
im at the jumping off point, i dont really have time to "try" any classes, because next semester will be chem 2 and if i dont change majors now my gpa is going to go in the trash
I'm gonna look through states site and aid you here
Ah
Yea
I see
ive been looking myself
yea i cant afford to fail any more than i have already.  ive been struggling since i started bio
Any stand outs?
been looking at psych, art
maaaybe soc but probably not
ive just been sitting here having panic attacks, my chest has been hurting, my eating has gone to shit, all because of some math and chem tests i have this week
Just try and get through this semester and look forward to a change next semester
I know theeeel feel
But not a lot can be done about the now
Idk
Haha
thats what im trying to do but its not looking good.  family stress is keeping me from homework and study, and the two oral surgeries ive had in the last month have messed up a lot of my focus
and i feel like james tries to be understanding but he really doesnt understand
hes never experienced the type of abuse i have
the fact that he has made the deans list twice and i have a 2.8 tells me i need to do something else
Just read through eli Massey's fb
And just OMG hahahaha
Another kid!
I'm assuming with Hannah
What a mess
Wtf
What
No
No
I messaged John about having an attention problem. My lab manager says it sounds like I do
Isaac realized he did. It may solve many of your frustrations
I feel like its cheating
Or something
Only if you don't have the issue lol
I think you def have some attention probs because your struggles with school aren't reflective of your brain in my opinion
I'd say explore it
That's what my lab manager was saying.  I think it might help me a lot.
John sent me an email survey to take
Also Charlie keyser is still so small
lmfao
so small
"This is charlie. Isn't he small?"
He is dudes he's tiny
I forget he exists until you mention him.
I forget until I see him
So o dropped math
Thank god
i think that was the best choice. it was too much to deal with right now. give yourself a breather.
Yea it was a huge weight off. I'm really excited to start next semester though. no math or Chem haha
What have you decided on?
Nothing yet, just gen ed. Not going to declare just yet, I don't think. Still thinking psych
that sounds up your alley
i mean
our whole life has been psychology just without the academics
lol
Yeeea haha
analyzing people
lol
I could finally tell NY family why they're insane
hahahahaha
and yourself why they are
hashtag
closure
take social psych
I want to take mood and behavior classes
My only worry
Is that the professors will be nuts
hahaha
well
perhaps
I looked at some of their photos.  they look a little unstable haha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The ecology professor that keeps all the reptiles told me to work around talking to the head of psych department if I can, because she is "difficult"
And I'm like, in my head, "ohhh brother"
oh man
hahaha
Hey can you ask Isaac if psych stats was hard
Pls
Message him on fb haha
He said to at least
Okay
Don't know why i didn't think of that
Haha
He welcomes it haha
He said the bio minor is a good option for a psych deg too
That's what I was thinking
I only need three more classes for a minor in bio
Yeah just message him he has a lot to share on this. He knows the jobnoutlooks, class topics, study time etc
I don't wanna bs you lol
I shot him over a message
*pew*
Watching videos on adhd brains. I never knew what it even meant to have adhd
It's a dopamine deficiency
Is there no way to cure adhd?
It's more complicated than that haha but basically that's how it's treated
And no
No cure
Like, the frontal cortex is smaller
Is that from development or birth
In some cases the evidence SUGGESTS that
No one really knows
The research is inconclusive
Haha what the hell.  So they treat it with meth
Lolol
Yes
A methyl group
Not meh
Sometimes methylphenidate
Right, I've been watching videos on the brain. structure and different meds
Feeling like I could be undiagnosed adhd
I am certain you are.
I guess girls don't usually get a diagnosis
They dot
It's rooted in sexism sometimes tbh
Yea, girls are just supposed to be air headed and sad
Haha
But my sexual history, job history, friend and school history all point to impulsive behaviors
Yes
I'm watching this interview with Dave asprey talking about modafanil
I tried it, several times. it makes me really anxious
Like freaks me out hard core
James take it every day and says it helps him a small bit
Prolly too high a dose
It can cause anxiety
Also Dave asprey, more like Dave aspie. Jesus hagaga
Also clonadine is a good solution
Clonadine freaked me out. It's a Bp med right? Got it prescribed once and had a panic attack after taking one
Made me feel weird
Don't think to hard about the meds. Don't research if ou can help it
Look up other ways to deal with it
You can create a self fulfilling prophecy ha
I'm not so much looking into meds as I am the whole thing.  Also realized why Dave asprey seems almost.  He has mannerisms of chris
oh boy
did you message isaac?
Yes why
Had a good convo
i was just wondering if you actually did hahaha. I thought he could put some of your concerns to rest
okay good
Oh I thought you're oh boy was related haha
HAHAHAHAHA
MY *OH BOY*
nah
I feel a lot better about it now, about switching
fantastic
I'm excited to start doing well lol
OMG
Childhood psychopathology
And sex roles
Taking both!!!
Online as well. Don't know how an online psych class is but we'll see
That sounds amazing
i bet itll be a lot of online discussion lol
i think ill be taking 4 online classes and then origins in class
gives me time to work in the lab
im so excited im almost shaking
so i think psych is a good choice lol
I must agree with you
emailed the prof to see what the online set up is like
i was talking to my lab manager today
who, by the way, has become one of my best friends haha
and he says psychology is pseudoscience
and im like, yea maybe, but its so easy
and i love it
im 100% gonna fail chem though lol
What's your trouble currently
I got time
Lol
i dont even care. id drop it but then id have to take more hours next semest
dudes theres no saving me
i have an exam tomorrow
Yah there is
on gases
and aqueous solutions
What don't you understand? Everything? Or specifics?
simply put, i was too busy with math that i didnt study chem
so im pretty behind
like, a lot of the questions are almost essays, where he gives you a ton of information in a word problem and says to solve it
so you have to figure out what is what with the formula
you have to really know whats going on
how are you
Hey dude! I'm good, how are you?
Tired. Long day haha. My neighbor does catering and gave us this huge bowl of salad that's full of fresh greens and it was so vast that we couldn't finish it before it went bad.
hahaha
That's awesome! Haha eating good!
It has been a long day
We used to joke about things being in vats, this was a vat of vegies
yes indeed
Love my veggies in a vat
I scheduled for classes
woo
samesies
I have to wait until the 21sr
And I'm trying to get advised first
Officially changed to psych
haha yeah do that
also "Get advised"
and fantastic
you'll like it a lot
I'm going in to drop neuro officially on thursday
I'm excited about it, plus James and I will be studying similar things now
I thought you dropped it a long time ago
Course load wise - yes. But I haven't met with my advisor because freshman year he bullied me and was mean to me about my mental health issues.
I've been afraid of him
lol
I have to "officially" drop it
WTF haha change advisors
he's the neuro advisor
he's gone after thursday
I didn't have to talk to mine. just went to the registrar
Because I'm doing two degrees, or was, there was a weird bit of paperwork
is what i was told
haha
Only doing one now?
Yep. Violin performance with two minors. Neuroscience and Computer Science.
two for one.
lol
Oh well cool, didn't know you were taking violin so seriously, that's awesome
Well I'm doing the BA version, not the BS version so it's not super serious. Less strict requirements haha
Hell yes! We're both BA now haha
Did you figure what psych courses you were interested in for sure?
Everyone seems to be switching majors
Bachelor of Arts. That's what they call me.
Lolol
Yea I'm taking sex roles and childhood psychopathology
And some gen ed stuff
sounds good
State doesn't offer a masters program from psych so I'll have to go somewhere else for that
you will.
but that's not the worst thing
But oh well, state isn't amazing for that anyway. They're a STEM school
also depends on what kind of psych you get interested in once you near the end
there are...
so many kinds
haha
I know! I can't wait to learn more about them
Cognitive psych is really cool
it is
i took a cog psyc class
i think you'd like it
the experiments are trippy as hell
Like what?
the sally anne task
measuring when we are "conscious" ect ect
theory of mind
what is consciouenesss
That's what I'm into haha
That would be fun. I'm happy to be in a major where I can actually conceive of myself graduating
yeah that feels good haha
Think I'm going to start delivering pizzas
yeah?
Yea. Lab job isn't cutting it for my bills, and I'd enjoy getting to work like that. Having a new social opportunity and they pay minimum wage plus tips
yeah the tips lol
thats the main income there
My lab boss used to manage papa johns so he was giving me the down low, says I should def do it. Work on Patrick street and bring home 30-$70 a night
that sounds like a great deal haha
Right!  They pay a little mileage too. I could work a few hours three nights a week lol
I have been prescribed Ritalin
Good
Made me really irritable today but I think I just needed a nap lol
probably lol
Starting at 10 mg, he said to work up if I need. Have you ever been on it?
Yes. But I have terrible psychosis. I lost my mind. I can't take it lol.
I would keep it as low as possible
because
i think that you're going to develop a tolerance and eventually have to raise it eventually
until you cant use it anymore
so lower does working == good
Yea that's was I was thinking too.  Also, should I absolutely take it every day or just when I have school or homework to prevent a tolerance?
take it every day
make it consistent
Okay lol, I'll try it tomorrow after I've had more sleep and see how I feel
yes
So guess who I just saw on campus
Who
Josh beane
hes going to school
for education
im not even joking
What
No
I swear to god
I hadn't talked to him in months
He freaked out over seeing me
Nooooo
God
Why
He's getting an education degree. It's his first semester.  I told this person to go to school. and he actually did.
that's SO WEIRD
he's 56 you know
Yea  I know
It's so weird
i dont like this
idk why
lol
i mean
hes bettering himself through education
but STILL
this is about my comfort
Thankfully right now he only has class once a week St school and I'm never there when he is
WHEW
Right haha
derplo
Hey
Just woke up from a nightmare
Snacking
oh god
what variety
i see
Oh the silent hill/matrix simulation variety
oh deer
Literally ended with me running toward the door of a building to escape, and the room blacked out and I could see through the windows of the doors that the building was sinking into the earth and I stopped being able to move anywhere by running
It was like an indie horror game
thats intense
wow
hahaha
Then I finally found the pause button on the correlating app on my phone, so I guess it was more like a theme park simulation, and I found the door and ran out as a bunch of other people were also exiting and they were saying either "wow that was interesting" or "that sucked!"
I haven't been sleeping well lol
errrrmmm
clearly hahahaha
Think I'm going to try to go back to sleep. wish me luck
goodnight friend. post hence. goodluck
Indeed.
nan
hi
Hey :)
What's up?
a lot and nothing
haha
What's the a lot part?
isaac has been very unstable, not gotten meds yet. basically ive been caring for him the whole semester, he dropped all his courses, i got john to agree to meet with him to treat him, i have been taking care of his instructors, he was hospitalized, i was orchestrating everything for him behind the scenes, flying his friends out to console him....I two nights ago "he wasn't that intelligent anyway and I'm tired of the same old conversation that is not even productive" well turns out he heard me say that through the door and threw a fit. My friend annie talked to him for about 10 hours and has been spending the weekend with him to figure it out, because he wont listen to me. I fucked a sophomore in a campus restroom and slept in the dorms last night, not i'm in a hotel because i cant go home. i've already been to literally everyones home that i could be to. Annie said it's best if I keep my distance, based on her assessment, but I'm currently not welcome in my own home. I was told even that my face was not something that wanted to be seen in the concert he was performing at.
this aren't great
Oh my gosh
That's a lot.  I didn't know things were so tumultuous
they are. i am just not a complainer because i pride myself on psychological fortitude. However, this merits complaining
That's not the best thing to pride yourself on in this situation lol
he gaslights me and verbally abuses me and tells everyone that I do it.
I'm tired.
lol
How close are you to graduating?
i have three semesters left
How have you been feeling recently?
four if i work this summer and dont do scohol
well
honestly
pretty confident. I've been doing well. I'm still not totally defeated. I've been going out a lot, doing well in school, i went on a date the other night...I've been getting closure with people in my past, on new meds, therapy is going well
I'm just QUITE annoyed.
but i'm ok lol
but the issue is
i finally reclaimed myself
say im confident
act confident
I'm really glad to hear so much positive stuff :)
and get called a narccisst because isaac is a cynic
Would you be able to move out or find a new roommate?
working on that
Where is Lea?
my mom and john want to buy out his lease and throw him out lol
Let them throw him out. he needs to go home.
He needs help
he's been holding me back for a long time hasn't he
Yea, quite a bit. To the point that I coukdnt help you with anything
not making one claim or another  aobut his character
yeah
i know
thats why we dont talk about this mucj
but now i'm quite aware
Yea, when you put yourself in bad situations they wear on you and make you unstable and then you make me unstable lol
Domino effect
pretty much
the thing now is like...I have distanced myself but he's still a part of my life. I have found myself again, and regained my confidence, so he's not affecting me like he used to. However, i'm annoyed.
It sounds like he's a dead weight
he's very sick
no excuse
but that's the case
What is his issue mentally?
so am i, but i'm getting help and doing well
psychotic depression, paranoia, intense anxiety and crippling CRIPPLING ocd and delusions
That really is unfortunate for him.  I wish he could get good help.  He needs to be seeing some several times a week
John wants to treat him and he's comign with my mom this weekend to speak with isaac one on one
but isaac is destroying his rapport with me.
Maybe let John treat him but be done with him. Get him help and continue taking care of yourself.
Are the geckos still around?
yes
and he cares for them with OCD like precision
it's actually pretty convenient
I actually was figuring that lol
Something he can manage
except when i tell him they don't need misted 5 times every 90 minutes every hour of the day
yeah
the pets make him feel better
We'll that's good.
John just prescribed me vyvanse
oh yeah?
The Ritalin was bad
I'm picking new script up tomorrow
what was bad about it?
It made me crazy irritable and apathetic
Like i wanted to sleep and kill everyone around me lol
thats a common side effect i think
haha
Yea it just wore off so quickly
50 my vyvanse should be good though. I've read it's like adderral but less intense
thats probably what you need
OH GOD
so wanna hear a funny thing
i will tell you anyway
so
my mother sends me two emails with MMS attachments today...not a text with photos....emails TO me from her PHONE NUMBER. They are candid shots of an old guy working at a mall kiosk who looks like bernie sanders. She provided commentary on each of them.
Hahaha your mother
How isn't here new place BTW?
Is
It's really awesome. It's in the edgewood area, but like at the top of the hill right on the edge of some wooded area
it's pretty
Is it like a mansion with a cobblestone driveway?
Because if so I know that house lol
it's definitely no mansion
it's not a big house
it's in a very nice area though
I'm glad to hear that. Hopefully they keep it up
Hey look at this
nan
We were vampires
Isn't he adorable
i think """"liked"""""" that photo
hahaha
Oh did you lol
He freaked out when I put the make up on
HAAHA
that's great
I saw someone with the following costume:
it was like a graph of a normal distribution, and they had bells around their neck. A bell curve.
And yes, it really was that lame.
OMG Hahaha
That's hilarious
it was this 20 year old kid i hooked up with and like stayed in his dorm
i do not like him.
he kept cuddling up to me, and i would move, and he would pursue me.
he kept like fucking, kissing my head, and i was like please, please stop
hahahahaha
and the real kicker is when he showed me his dildo collection, and i didn't utter a single word.
OMG hahahaha
What's he look like
Did you sleep with him for a place to stay?
Because welcome to my whole life in Virginia Beach Hahaha
well, I had slept with him before and I watched him make a sexist comment to a female friend of mine who is an engineer, about her not understanding math...I was curious as to whether or not I could call him on that and maybe get to know him. It was successful
I mean like...
Yes
but also no haha
I bought him drinks and he held my hand in public and said that he was enjoying hanging out and was being very nice
i appreciated it because i haven't had someone treat me that way in a long time. So I slept with him. THEN I LEARNED HE WAS A FREAK
Is he just weird?
He's honestly fine, he just wants to be affectionate more than I would like.
Also I'm afraid he's racist. He said that he could do a really good """"indian"""""" voice and i asked him please dont do that.
there have been a couple of instances of this.
Ahhh okay. We'll that may be an issue with your intimacy. Or maybe not, he might just be too much lol
ahahahaha
Hahahahaha
An Indian voice
he's very autist
RIGHT WTF IS THAT EVEN
not even accent
VOICE
You have to understand though
You can't look for an sjw in a relationship. You will not be happy lol
At least. that's what I've found
oh no I don't want an sjw
he did a black guy voice and a "much gayer guy voice"
this wasn't one weird thing
idc what his opinions are
It's one thing to do a voice for comedic effect
i jsut became uncomfortable
i felt awkward lol
It's another thing to wish harm upon people of a different race
trusies
its not that i think hes racist
Like Jame's loves basically everyone. He's very compassionate
he just kept doing things that freaked me out
and wouldnt stop
But he will do a voice of a black person
lol
Head kisses are weird sometimes if you don't want them lol
i am fine with cuddles in bed
but was like crawling all over me and kissing me continually. I think i'm older and he's a bit fascinated with me.
that's probably it.
Yea that's quite possible.  May take some time to understand him though.  You may not realize it but sometimes we are cynics.  but then again there is Josh and how gross he is lol
oh man haha
but yeah
i mean you're right
i just on top of all of that i fear he isn't intelligent...however theres this other guy ive been talking to a bit who is very cute, and in computer science and into discussing like nature and philosophy and things, and is sort of emotionally where i am, so i may explore that
Oh that sounds promising
Maybe look into that
he also has red hair and piercings and is very cute
one huge issue though. he is a freshman.
so eh do i wanna commit to that sort of thing
thats like
Oh no. A young one.
yeah
he's very compatible with me
but i would be taking on a project
I mean, you never know. He could be mature. or he could not be.
true
you're right
Yea lol James took on a project with me
Big time
Younger is always work
i suppose so lol
Not as much experience
it could also be fun
Oh yes fun for sure
But you're not dating for marriage probably so what's the risk lol
As long as he isn't psychologically damaging
hes too closed off to be i think. I talk to him for days sometimes, and then not for weeks. He saw me on campus and I haven't seen him in a while...he's just sends me a snapchat of me that says "spotted" and then nothing lol
Bahaha. Sounds like he might be a doucher. But maybe not
definitely maybe ahaha
so im officialy down to 8 credits this semester lol
dropped math and chem lecture
but im taking 16 next semester
i'm down to 9 lol
that's a whole lot!
yea but theyre psych courses and online
should be pretty easy, just time concuming
ahh i see
but ill enjoy the material
i think i'm going for 12 next semester
yeah
i bet you will
i want to graduate asap so i can move lol
theres no psychology masters program at state
so ill have to go somewhere else
yeah unfortunately
but you will also have an excuse to try a new place out ig haha
exactly.  james will be done before me but i think state has a polisci masters program, weirdly enough
but not psych for some reason loil
they have like 4 psych professors on campus
that's really weird
psych is pretty common?
yea but they have no program for it
and their chair is like
absent from it
he doesnt answer emails
oh wow
probably on his way out, according to my advisor
that's really odd
ohhhhhhh
ok
hes a dick lol.  but a different prof finally advised me
luckily online classes = no crazy psych profs
i always thought you would study psychology
in high shcool at least
everyone ive told is like "yea that makes more sense" haha
i always thought i had to be a scientist
i profiled myself
a psychologist is a scientist lol
But it's not a degree of science
It's a degree of art
i mean, well, the entire field operates using the scientific method. Psychology is empirical haha. it's not similar to chemistry but like, i'd say practicing as a psycholgist is like an art but the field itself is pretty science just a different breed
Yea that's true, but a lot of society doesn't see it that way.  not that it matters what society thinks though
it does not
lol
but it's a valid science because it uses the same tools just to study behavior and not chemicals
right, and i just figured out that damous only has a masters in psychology lol
and john works for them right?
Yes and no. Johns practice is his own but I think he like
Honestly idk the full story but George Damous is his like boss haha
exactly haha i just thought that was crazy
sounds like he's contracted to work for him
the real thing is like
george is a businessman he owns the building and the damous school
right
so TECHNICALLY i guess he answers to him
jhahaha
yea he just had the money to be the boss lol
but i was like, i could do that
haha
Dude
Vyvanse
So far is awesome
Fantastic
The come down will be the tell lol
Insurance didnt approve it yet so I picked up three of them for $28
Waiting to hear back from Jamie or john
my sister is gonna be here tomorrow morning
isaac is terrified of her
hahahahaha
some of my other friends admire her, but like, they don't know how she can be
they're like
"shes a go getter!!!!"
...."but at what cost"
OMG poor Issac
Keep her away from him
I will.
You know how she can be.
She made me have my first auditory hallucinations
So yes i do
oh god
she did
OH GOD
hello
Hey what's up
Sorry. watching breaking bad lol
Understandable Hahahaha
James never finished it. Started at season 2. This show is amazing lol
I'm writing an 8 page paper on glass and the ghost children
and i accidentally just typed the phrase "deep in our boners"
and im laughing so hard
Hahahahahahahahaha
Omfg
isnt that hilarious
anyway, its a lyrical analyses
God yes
for my english class
i tweeted billy corgan in a feeble attempt to get him to read it lol
and tell me if im anywhere close
ill send you this paper when im done
it is KILLER
lol
Love something in a book seems to communicate that it is easy and beneficial to be interested in furthering our own understanding of the natural world through reading, more specifically research and observation.  Also, its placement after the first mention of knowing seems to imply that pursuing knowledge is a good way to avert the dread of desperate questioning.
i added " concerning matters of existentialism" after the last sentence lol
what email should i share this with?
amt2893@gmail.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM9Wuzj4k24&feature=share   
we could have been so rich hunter
That was amazing
We missed our calling
we did
sigh
well
sigh
Joe Knight
Just now  
Has anyone here ever beat their dad at something?
....what?
Haha
hahahahahahahaha
IDK
He started messaging me recently and I blocked him
Fucking nut job baby
oh god no\
heckin no
Sending me cryptic email addresses for research Chem suppliers
I was like. Oh, blocked
i'm losing it
lol
"Sending me cryptic email addresses for research Chem suppliers"
Hahaha
HAHAHAHHAA
the fuck man
Exactly
he is never gona gow up
Like haven't talked to him in a year or more
And that's how he chooses to break the ice
But hey dude I'm headed to bed
I'll catch up with you later
nighty night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dh-mZPtTdpc
pretty sure this is craig from parks n rec
he just started yelling. definitely craig hahaha
this is a great bit btw
OMFG IT IS
He does a lot of yelling haha
LOOKING TO SUCK
IS CONNAN A BOTTOM hahaha
Hahahaha
He is
how do you not know who liza minnelli is
tho
like
Hahaha
So
Trump won
Looool
I'm aware.
I don't have any comment, hahaha
Hahahaha
I don't care about it. Should be interesting. Hillary is a beotch
I did something I lost sleep over, voted for clinton to stop this from happening, and now I feel like a hypocrite and a fool and trump is now president all sin is now permitted
TRUMP PENCE 2016: GOD IS DEAD AND NOW ALL SIN IS PERMITTED
Yaaas kweeen
I only care about Pokemon and geckos so
We good
I am good i just want pita pit
also i will be mad if i can't get married anymore
i can always flee to germany
Hell yes I'd vote for pita pit
So dude I'm doing a reptile show at the school
Isn't that bananas
It's for charity/the biology club
I saw that
it's totally bananas
it's plantains even
Maybe mangoes
Anyway I've been watching a lot of parks and rec
Been feeling the spirit of Leslie knope
This is my Pawnee harvest festival
OMG
HAHAHAHHA
don't let joan tear you down
Oh hell no.  There has been some butch doing other reptile shows and they suck and she's doing a show where my last show was and trying to make people think its the same show and I'm like I WISH YOU WOULD
bitch not butch lolol
So I'm going to remind people of what a good show consists of
I'm very weirdly competitive
samesies tbh
almost to a fault
JUST LIKE LESLIE
DONT DIE  OUT THERE
Yes hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Hahahahaha
Do you see that
nan
a ride to what?
HAHAHAHAHA
"OUT THERE?"
hahaha
It's suggesting I'm drunk
"Don't die out there"
Wants me to call a cab
oh my god
i am dyin
that's so weird
lolol
I'm having a fight with my lab boss of costs benefit analyses regarding foods
He says I'm a conspiracy theorist hahaha
HAHAHA
only a little
He's like, you call James a conspiracy theorist but listen to what you're saying
HAHA
oh wow
And I was like, OMG you're right I def am. Chemtrails. Jfk
HAHAHAHA
BD9
ect
Bd9 hahahah
Jfcmsb
i figure you'll enjoy this:
a few nights ago i forgot the word for hands, and just held them out and said "these"
Hahaha
I do enjoy that
Thank you for sharing about your hands
"THESE!!!!"
not even these hands
hahahaha
These finger dictators
that is a nice description
Amazing.
Thand you my liege
my lord my liege
I've got stuff in the morning so I'm headed to bed.  Sleep tight my sweet prince
nighty night
I've been playing this game
Mass effect
I've got 16 hours in so far
It's the best game ever
I'm fighting aliens and robotics and stuff but the story line amazing, gameplay is seamless
that sounds awesome
It is dude.  I've never been able to get into a game like this before.
If you have steam, definitely download it.  There are three of them, I'm playing the first
how valuable would this be to you personally...rather which one would be more useful to you? 
1) a facebook feed aggregator that tailors it more to your interest
2) an application that auto-adjusts volume on movies and shows when it gets too quite or too loud
I think I have both of those? Aren't they built in to some programs?  The volume thing would be more helpful
The second one doesn't exist for streaming video and everyone has that friend who is always adjusting volume
Haha
Well then that one
how goes it
Hey! It goes pretty good.  Started a new game on Xbox.  Fable 3. Pretty good stuff
Niiiiiice
Also finished mass effect and started mass effect 2
oh yeah?
howd you like it?
Getting to be a really gamer
It was awesome
gamer yes
cool beans
2nd is really good too
Video games have really helped me
yeah?
I've stopped getting murdered in my dreams and started being able to fight back
I can finally land a punch lol. I used to not be able to in dreams
It's weird
oh wow
that's like
really interesting hahaha
Yea it's giving me a sense of power or something.  Not so helpless in my mind anymore.  Can defeat enemies haha
"can defeat enemies" hahaha
Conan helped me defeat someone trying to kill me the other night
Been watching a lot of Conan haha
that's hilarious
that bit where he uses grindr
GOD
I know I'm in love with him
Only ginger I like
Hahahaha
His jokes are so dry
Have you seen him bully his associate producer Jordan?
YES
LMFAO
I like him
a lot of people don't like his humor
Yea I've seen that.  I like his Jeff goldblum interviews so much
What are you doing for thanksgiving?
I'm coming home Wednesday evening
Oh cool.  Will this be your first time at the new house?
Yep!
That's gonna be awesome :)
Well have to go on a pokewalk downtown
I've been making sure to get exercise every day so my back muscles don't hurt and get stronger
Isaac is coming back h me by year haha
And that's probably wise
What do you mean?
Like expertise to prevent pain
Lol
Oh
Isaac is coming to wv for thanksgiving
Ohhh okay
How has he been?
He's well
John will put him in his place if hes not careful lpl
Has he gotten help/
Yes
Lol
Counseling?
and meds
That's great, I'm glad to hear. How have you been doing ?
Petty well actually. Excited for this hackathon thing I'm doing this weekend
Oh cool, do they give you stuff to hack? Is there an award?
It's a software and web design contest
Google appple ect will be there
Potential employers
You can win cash prizes
Oh shit haha that's awesome
I bet you do great!
my hackathon group abandoned me
they are judging now
hahaha
this is is so bad
the all left
omg
we were making a music streamer that was pretty and pulled lyrics and album info and you would like type in a word and it would generate a playlist for you
but
nan
template I made.
then
nan
the judges just took such pity on me
lol
that was what they decided an improvement was on mine
I don't totally understand.  Tell me like I don't know what hacking is lol
I was creating a web application to sort through your  music files, you type in a word, and it pulls lyric info from the web, and the matches it to your ow nsongs and sorts them based on your word. Like "bored" or "happy" or "sad"
The first image is the template I made.
I left at 11:30
the second image, is what they did to it, before promptly abandoning me without explanation this morning leaving me to fix a REALLY bad project
the judge was like "well im so sorry they left good idea but at least you tried"
hahahaha
How did they abandon you? Did they leave for somewhere or just messed up the page and said "oops"
they left in the night. it was an all night event. And then I got an email with some mock ups of what their ideas were, and they totally erased my code and replaced it with:
nan
this beauty
Wow haha
i think we did better work than this on myspace
Nice jobs guys
Lolol
we are literally talking about the language we write myspace layouts in
i am frustrated a bit lol
Understandably so
Well if it makes you feel any better
I am trying to avoid going to my moms house and have been doing so for about a month
She has a new boyfriend
And she wants me to meet him
He's...a skateboarder...
oh ma
n
HAd'pigo[aernoigrs[igmnrep'gmre
pgm
deafening shriek
is it tony hawk
im sorry
i know this is weird
wow
He works at Lowe's but skateboards for charity
Yea it is strange
But here's the thing
I don't even care
what does that even mean
lol
The only thing I care about is how she still can't leave me alone
I want her to die, not because I wish harm on her, but because she tortures my soul
And I say die because I know her leaving me alone is less likely to happen
oh wow
man
that's
that's
the truth is truthy
This creates a moral conundrum in my mind and causes me more anguish
Because I want her to go away and she's my mom
I don't know.  She's basically the only real problem in my life.
that seems about right
god
Jame's tells me to just tell her I don't ever want to go over there again
But I'm not strong enough to
I feel bad for her
Even though she chooses to suffer
i know exactly whar you mean
Ugh, I don't know.  Didn't sleep well last night.  Not feeling great this morning.
sigh
remember when we thought the solution to all emotional woes was a piece of bison jerky
i still think maybe
it is
OMG hahahaha
Yes
I do remember
I'm rewatching breaking bad and we just got to where Hank collects minerals
And I was like, wow I did that once
Bahahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
You craved them before anyone craved them
Yea i was a craver, that's for sure
So apparently
My moms boyfriend
Is like Josh if he were a normal person and not retarded and loud
But he actually knows what he's talking about
He played with green day when they were sweet children. He's from Oakland
what????
oh wow
hahaha
Yea, he showed me a photo of the show bill with their band names on it lolol
He's very mild mannered
that's not bad at all
lol
Man oh man do you need to come to my new house while I'm home lol
Haha glad you made it safe!
How is it?
Like immaculate lol. I like it
Like a mansion?
Wrong word it's like an hgtv house
Hahahaha
Idk the adjective for that
Ohhh okay lol. Very modern? Pristine?
Yes. Very like, an engineers wife from house hunters renovated it and bought furniture by typing in the key word "Asian" on IKEAs website
I like it
Hahaha
Hahaha
OMG lol
How long are you here?
Till Sunday!
Oh cool!  Then Yea I'll definitely have to come visit!
I'll see if I can get James to come lol.  Hard getting him to leave the house. Holidays are stressful
We have a huge deck with an outdoor sound system and stuff. Isaac is here too. You guys should come over
Oh yes Isaac!
Haha
How is he doing?
Very well. We are grocery shopping now. Getting stuff to add for thanksgiving. From the marche bourgeois
Awesome :) I'm going to elkview to visit the fam. Had dinner with mom today. I'm gonna see if I'm free to do something Friday
That'd be awesome.
Yes it would be :)
B is drunk and talking about us moving to California lol
Tired of having to deal with his mom and his grandpa
Grandpa just moved in down the street and has cancer
His mom is having health issues from drinking and has been trying to change her diet, has been a lot for him to deal with because he has to help them with everything
Oh man :/
I am sorry
Hey dude what's up
Hey!
whats up dude?
Getting ready to go downtown for a bit. Probably going to Taylor's and what not. Hbu?
looking for a coat on targets website so i can see if the price has dropped and i can get a coat lol
ive been watching one for awhile
might come join you at some point
That'd be cool.
And yeah I fee I need a winter coat lol
i have an insulated hoodie but the wind cuts right through it lol
Yep same lol. I found one like sort of warm jacket but the wind cuts like a knife
like a knife lol
well
would you guys want to hit target with me?  the crowds may cause me anxiety if i go alone lol
Yeah but after I help my brother rearrange his room for gaming lo lolol
OMG lolol
When are you doing that?
Just finished hahaha but now I have to wait for my mom to get back with info on a new fridge. Hopefully I can be out of here by two
Well I'll get dressed and grab some food and maybe then we'll all be ready
Isaac and I will be downtown soon
Are you walking?
My mom is driving us as soon as John gets here, I believe
Have her drive you to south ridge lol
Ok lol
I'll be headed up there soon, getting breakfast at sheetz now
I'm thinking of introducing Isaac to tudors but I don't want anyone to die of a heart attack today lol
A heart attack from excitement? Lol
From the lard
Lmao
I'm going to take him to Taylor books tho
Yea that's a good little shop. Especially for book people lol
I'm going to head up there in a few minutes
I'm at target
Me 2
Walking to door
Where are ya
You called Hunter.
Hunter called you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiWIOKKuyGE
hi
Hey
i need to talk about something briefly
if that is ok
i just need you to ground me a bit lol
you have a skill there
Nails are drying but what up lol
isaac decided he wants to move into separate apartments next year, and he's taking the cat with him. I am going to miss the both of them, but I have grown quite attached to the cat. He says i am more social and i'm good at making friends, and he needs to throw himself out into the world because in 3 years he hasn't met anyone but me. I udnerstand it, but I'm bitter about the cat, I'm very sad because our relationship is very solid and I will miss him, and due to the lateness in thesemester it's gonna be hard to find a place. I might not be able to. He might not, but he's okay with it. I'm not. I'm sad about this.
I think this is a blessing if there ever was one and you should just rolls with it lol
What cat?
that's the kind of answer i was looking for
chester. we saved him from the west side kroger from getting hit by a cat
car*
lol
look at my fb photos
he's like 2 months old
haha
Aw okay lol I will
he is asleep on me now
You can rescue another cat
Which is even better
i was told i could get joint custody
Two rescued cats
but that makes it feel like a divorce hahaha
yes
That's a cute cat lol
Yea just adopt another
You'll love living alone
It's so peaceful
Gives you a chance to work on yourself
i would likely move into a building on high street instead of a renovated house lol
it would be interesting
i liked living alone when i did
but it's so nice to have your person there at the end ofthe day
sorry for the typing, cat is asleep on my belly lol
Yea there are benefits to both but I think you'll enjoy being alone for awhile
perhaps so
i get the geckos though
no contest there
lulz
Heck yes!
Haha that's the win
we have a  Brazilian salmon pink bird-eating tarantula
which i suppose he will take
it's cute
it's name is "sammy"
get it
((get it)))
Hahahah
I'm not a tarantula fan myself
i wasn't
but we have been rasigin him for months
he has molted
i've seen him grow
it's been fascinating
Haha that sounds fun
it's been an experience
lol
i wasn't on board initially
we have a terrarium with just insects
lulz
aren't you trying to clean house?
how's the selling of the many lizards going
I sold four while shipping weather was good
I'm probably just going to keep the rest
ah i see
yeah weather
haha
nan
What the fuck is this
Jesus
Apparently a painting
I'm so dissatisfied
Charlie, his sister, and his father
Lolol
What is this attire
It looks like someone from a black metal band left him on their doorstep
I black metal church more like it
He is dressed as a priest why
Is he ordained
IS he one haha
Oh my that's a possibility
Jesus
have you had finals yet?
Yep, just finished this week
ah cool
this semester was rough lol
Yea I dropped most of my classes lol
16 hours next semester though
I'm taking like 11 next semester haha
Maybe 12 if I do an online
I'm doing mostly online. Just got a second part time job working in the bb&t building doing test proctoring lol
Oh nice! Haha
Sounds good
I'm about to do my violin final in an hour
Sigh
Oh man haha. Well at least you aren't testing for Ian jesse
Hahaha
Hey dude
Yo waddap
In charleston doing nothing lol
What about you
Playing some video games, having a lazy day. Out of gas food and cell service lol.  Start my new job mid January but broke until then
I'm in a similar position
Lol
What are you playing?
Kingdoms of amalur: reckoning
I have 31 hours in
It's awesome haha
I accidentally just said mmmmmmMMMMMmmm and couldn't remember what was funny about it
Lolol
Mr jesse
CrZy times
God
Lol
I forgot how horrifying the mall is
Especially st this time of the year
Oh yes haha, some shady characters down that way
I just saw a couple wearing matching "king and queen (complete with crown graphics)" t shirts
End it all
Oh noooo
Haha
"Those" people
Whyyyyyy
That actually holds meaning
It's a type of person
He's my king  where's my ring 
She's my queen  an angel!!!
I learned this from Facebook
What are you doing at the mall?
I am meeting a friend downtown and it's very cold so I took shelter
Well that makes sense then
I was just at south ridge, had to go to cabelas and Xmas shop for parents
I prefer south ridge
If I have to pick
if you want to hangout at some point, whenever you're free obviously, i'll buy us sushi. haha. I've been craving it recently.
When do you go back to cbus?
Not for at least a week
Okay cool, I've got Xmas stuff this weekend but next week I'm free
Okay cool
Merry Christmas!
merry christmas!
Get anything cool?
i did not get anything today haha. my mom gave me a fit bit a couple of days ago haha
how about you
Which fit bit??
I'm on Xmas number three right now lol
I got a fitbit too haha
charge 2
and haha that's awesome
i like it though
it's helping me manage what i eat, when i eat, my sleep schedule, my exercise, ect
i love/hate when it's like YOU HAVENT MOVED IN A WHILE
i was at my grandmothers and my heart rate rose to like 125, and i thought i might be exercising lol
OMG your fitbit indoctrination lolol
What color
I just got a charge 2 as well
just the standard black
That's the one James has
It's awesome dude. You'll fall in love with it. I can't go about my day without mine lol
yeah i can see myself getting a bit hooked on it
haha
It's addictive
I got a 4gb graphics card for my PC
And a 23 and me genome kit so James and I can see if our kids will inherit anything bad haha
He got his done a couple months ago
I AM SO SCARED OF THOSE
john got one
i think
I'm scared hahaha
i am so afraid of that
hahaaha
James' was perfect
So I'm like, mine is going to be weird
no red flags at all?
wow
haha
We can't both have totally clean genes
mine would be so weird
Yea non at all
Not a carrier
i KNOW it
Totally European
totally european
haha
And high percentage of Neanderthal
Hahahaha
dont we all share 99% dna with them though
hahahaha
HIGH PERCENTAGE OF NEANDERTHAL
what phrase
lol
Apparently we don't have very much of them
Like most people2-3 percent
Or something
oh wow
haha
Anyway just wanted to wish you a holly jolly Xmas
you too
so i am really weirded out by the sleep tracking on the fitbit
i've been looking up the algorithm they use to track me hahaha. It feels so precise.
It works dude. I don't know how but it's perfecr
i still dont get it but it knows when i'm fidgeting so i love it lol
Exactly haha.  even sleep fidgeting
Look how cute this is dude
ok!
nan
awh it's fancy looking also haha
It is!  It's covered in alleles lol
OH EM GEEE IT IS
HAHA!!!
love it
I made real eggnog too
With eggs
Haha
And cream and milk and sugar
It was a process
that sounds yummy
i've never had real eggnog
i used 8 total eggs and 8 total ounces of bourbon
it is
STRONG
like, i only drank one cup
had to watch myself lol
haha!
yeah that sounds good
does sound strong though
i dont drink much so if im going to drink, its got to be strong enough to do something before i get tired
hahaha
im old
the pains of being old
like not even kidding
i have bad knees
lol
oh dude haha i feel you
ive started running
almost every day
2-3 miles
its helping my knees
im too young to have bad knees lol
yeah I go to the gym pretty often
i was told by a doctor that I developed "runners knee"
lmao
you mentioned that once
so basically
youre too active?
i bet yoga could help
a lot of athletes do yoga to help with heavy joint usage
I was told that like basically I could stretch more, and that would help a little, or use different techniques, but essentially it will just limit the lifespan I have to exercise intensively
i could try yoga
I was thinking of trying a tai chi class
haha
that could help too.  yoga helps me a lot and james has just started doing it too (haha) because he has degenerative disc disease and its helping his flexibility
okay than i'll def look into that
ive just started trying to do a little of everything since im off school.  weights, treadmill, yoga, stretching when i watch tv
same actually!
haha
nicr
nice*
it seems as if it's something i fall into the habit of between semesters more so than during
its daunting for me to get into a fitness routine because im so hard on myself but if you push through the first feelings of not being good enough, you can actually build a good routine lololl
yeah i feel
haha
yeah i need a better routine
ive started taking wellbutrin
which is james' meds but he recommended it, once in the morning, lowest dose they make
im going to ask john to try me on it when i see him in jan
has really help kind of curb my anxiety and inattentiveness
its very subtle
my mom takes it. John isn't her doc but I think she has been taking it. She has CRIPPLING ADHD haha. She takes that with like 80mg of adderall hahaha
yeah
that's the goal with that one
it's more subtle
i had to stop taking the stims, wayyy too much for my fragile body lolol
and mind also
but yea the subtlety helps the most
then your attention problems are probably not standard adhd, maybe more anxiety related. Wellbutrin is good for dat
its like, i can starts feeling anxious and then the wellbutrin is like "wait a second, focus" and then i do
its awesome
"wait"
haha
i heard that in the voice of those crosswalk things
HAHA
right
what are you getting into tomorrow
Nothing at this point, how bout you?
im pretty sure ive got nothing going on besides needing to pick up a heat lamp at the pet store
what kind of sushi were you wanting to get?
I'm not sure, where's good around here? haha
normally when we get sushi we go to a japanese restaraunt.  the hibachi in south ridge is really good
we can figure it out tomorrow if you want, im stupid tired
yeah same let's just do that. hit me up tomorrow haha
will do, later brah
Yo waddap
About to shower
Hbu?
Drinking a smoovie, you know what it is
I'll probably take a shower in a few minutes
niiiiiiice.
Figure out where you want to go and I'll start getting ready
Where was the place you recommended? That's fine i suppose haha. I'm going to go ahead and shower and stuff, talk to you in a bit
It's hibachi in south ridge, close to target. And cool beans
I'll be ready in about half an hour if you're ready
yeah i'm good to go
lol
What's your address?
2 rockledge drive. It's on edgewood, like straight up swarthmore
Okay cool. Leaving in just a minute
ok cool
also we have a box of yours
lol
Oh? Okay lol
from the old house
Oh okay, cool. Headed your way
nan
I'm screaming lol
HAHAHA WHAT
Hey, can you ask john to check the email I sent him? I don't know if he's on vacation or whatever
Yeah I will
Thank you :)
i saw jeremy shakling at blacksheep
he hugged me
haha
Yea we see him there all the time
He's a weird one lol
he is
my server
i BELIEVE
was danny collins
or someone who looks exactly like him
It was lol
whats yo?
Yo what?
Lol
oh my god
lol
whats *Up*
haha
Haha
Not much, playing video games waiting for James to do some yoga with me
He got a new laptop he's tweaking
that sounds fun
where did he get the laptop?
His cousin who owns a contracting company told him he could have it for parts.  Turns out it's a brand new touch screen laptop with windows 8 and everything. No one has even touched it
He was freaking out lol
WHAT
lol
that's amazing
"for parts"
Yea he was confused but we think they bought it and let the batteries totally drain before actually trying to use it, then it was too zapped to boot up properly and they just tossed it aside and bought a mac haha
WOWWWWWWWWWwwwww
lol
Psh rich people
Lol
yah lmao
We're headed to there house later for a UFC fight lolol
Or to watch it
Not a real fight
Just a TV fight
Haha
THEIR
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
*******you're
Hey so, question
Are you still adept at using photo software?
I need either a poster design or just a simple fb promo design for my Expo
Like either one to print for a poster or one to just share on facebook
Whichever you think would be your forte
I don't have the software anymore unfortunately
Do you have any sort of software like that?  Even the ability to cut some geckos out of a photo to post on a Microsoft word file
i believe so yes
i can do that much
lol
wait
i have like a poster making app
yeah
No way
Here let me give you an example of sort of what I need
nan
But more minimal, more simple
Less word heavy
Can I send you a couple photos of geckos or reptiles to cut out so I can use them?
yes
so like
what info needs to be included?
for sure? like with respect to "wordiness"
Basically the stuff on this ...one sec
nan
But less wordy.
The wvre logo is important
The time and date and whatnot is very pertinent, and the facebook icon is also important
And price
i have a friend in art school who might do it if I can't make it look any better, I have limited resoruces haha
i'lll look into it
It's for a charity event, otherwise I could pay for it
In the mean time can you cut some of these out and I'll make a promo?
nan
nan
nan
nan
nan
nan
what sort of style
nan
i was playing with the photos you sent me
in this app or something
thats really cool
im working on the poster now
but if you want to throw something like that together
and get the info on it
ill share it all over FB
ok
almost like a flier but more bright and attention grabbing, you know?
i just probably would need more photos
like a cross between a meme and flier
lol
Ah
gotcha
ill send you more in just a minute
niiiiiicccze
https://www.facebook.com/AlmostHeavenHerps/photos/a.213402718803448.64518.210215565788830/558459170964466/?type=1&theater
https://www.facebook.com/AlmostHeavenHerps/photos/a.510092975801086.1073741875.210215565788830/577824765694573/?type=3&theater
nan
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1683144462003279&set=a.1683140938670298.1073741834.100009232259559&type=3&theater
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1683144752003250&set=a.1683140938670298.1073741834.100009232259559&type=3&theater
anyof these would be great
the last three would not load
ah okay hold on
nan
nan
i should have more soon as well
via my most recent status lol
tell me how this looks so far
for a big poster
nan
it looks good
the purple and blue bubles around the text may not be needed though. Change the shape, make it variable, or like try a more vibrant shade?
overall i like it
i like what you did with the iamges
okay let me change it up and ill show you again
wasnt sure if i should make them more vibrant or variable, didnt want the poster to be too busy
but you, the consumer, would like busy
lol
exactly, i would say variable if you want it to look more fun, vibrant if you want more trustworthy and organized
so bubbles or no bubbles?
should i keep them and make them more vibrant?
yes
maybe change the font color?
i think the darker bubble is too dark, really
that's all i'd change
okay, was trying to make it facebook colored lol
but will do!
i like the color of our chat window
idk
lol
and ohhh
i getcha
here
its better now
nan
Yes much better
i like it
orange is a fun color
i dont use it much lol
should i put anything else on it?
maybe a little catch phrase about seeing and buying animals?
Yes
some pithy remark
idk
something like fun
haha
ive got it
"find an animal you love and take it home"
yay or no?
give it a home
well they have homes
that implies adoption
lol
Wait -
explain the parameters of this again
so they have homes
but people are taking them?
you can look at or buy animals
OH
hahahaha
hahahaha
idk haha
how about a comma after love
it just seems like a command
lol
im going to trash that whole phrase haha
maybe an exclamation point
hahahaha
ok
isnt it funny how an exclamation point somehow makjes it less of a command
its like
youre yelling
but in a general direction
it's like yelling with purpose. It's almost sarcastic. Like "Clean you're room billy [PERIOD]."

or "Clean your room, Billy! [i create a fun place to be even when there's work to be done]"
I THINK IVE DONE IT
tell me if this is perfect
nan
you have done it
you split it up
i like it
is it better like that
or like this
nan
solid colors or different colors?
on the text near the top
actually check this one, i made the colors better
for sure different
nan
tell me if those colors are good
is that a good final draft
im going to make these into mini posters
yep i like it
thanks for your input!!!
i have to get ready for a party now lol
i needed to finish this first
thanks again, ill talk to you later!
also, did you talk to john? havent heard from him but i know hes busy
Oh shoot - yeah i think he's at work now. I'll tell him when he gets back
thank you!!
Did he reply? I watched him going through like 60 emails over the past three hours
hahaha
I don't think so, nothing so far
nan
Happy New Year :)
You too
I start my new job Wednesday and am worried about being in an office for 8 hours, please let John know it's sort of time sensitive that he reads my email. I would call his office but they're probably closed today right?
Yea I just called, they're closed
ill call them tomorrow and try to talk to jamie
hey sorry
i just basically got up
lol party hard?
I am sorry, but john won't acknowledge or discuss this stuff with me. I've tried before but he pretends he doesn't hear me lol
i'm sure he has it logged and he is going to get to it.
it's just every one of his patients are twice as crazy as the two of us combined and send him 10 emails a day
haha
but yeahj
god
i went to atmosphere
lol 10 emails a day
i didnt do much
got to bed at a decent time lol
Yeah I shall
lol
james' mom got drunk at the moose
james' ex texted him that she was crying
and then two 20 year old dudes were flirting with her
it was weird
we had to go collect her
Oh WOW
haha
that's sinsane
i got a new vacuum for xmas so
i basically vacuumed my room for two hoursa today
it was exhilerating
hahah
nice
i need to vacuum a bit
come to think of it
I just watched an episode of "new girl" where someone came in with a cat and said "Everyone stay calm: I've brought patches"
I just felt the need to tell you about this.
HAHAHA
Yes
I was taken back, i had to think for a second lol
John called in my meds
okay fabulous!
sorry about the wait
I didn't even get an email
Just a text from rite aid lolok
I mean it happened
haha
that happens to me a good bit
lol
I mean I'm grateful lol
no i get you
lol
That patches thing is pretty funny
We just spent like three hours at  the furniture store
why so long?
Filling out paperwork
We've decided financing furniture is a good way to build credit
James got a desk and a book shelf
I'm going to maybe get a chair to replace my couch with
"Adulting"
that is a pretty easy way to build credit
good call
hahah
I'm trying to figure out a way to finance something actually cool
Like a dog
I don't want furniture. My apartment is small.
I want to finance an African cat
like a Savannah?
Like an African lynx
OOOOO
Which will maybe be at my expo lol
that would be neat haha
Maybe in a bigger house
But I'm looking at a parrotlet
For $150
awh!
Apparently they're a small high energy bird with a large parrots personality
Right up my alley lol
If care is simple
yeah i think i've had one
they are fun
honestly i don't remember
i've had so many birds
If your mom kept birds alive
I should be able to I think
Hahaha
HAHAHAHA
im at taylor books and i keep flinching because I expect to see what's his face
OMG yes
I get that anytime I'm downtown lolok
I went to pies and pints and got the same fear
there i saw ian barker and danny collins
hahhaha
Yep that makes sense
Ian "awakened one" barker
Danny "the vegan" Collins
I can't tell if that's a joke or their new names.
seriously
Both
Hahahaha
HAHAHAHEHEHA
danny comes up to me
and says something really weird, even though we never talked a lot, about space jam i think
i was like
"ahh, yeah"
Space Jam what hahahaha
My god
i have no idea man
How can a person quit animal products AND heroin
And still be so unremarkable
i am now at the starbucks at the mall, i am afraid it will happen again
HJAHAHAHAHAHAHA
OH MY GOD!!!!
HAHAHA
this is true
Like really
You'll see someone at starbucks
For sure
the mall is pretty dry
fingers crossed
I had my second day of work today
how was that?
I get certified Saturday
It's fine. Just a lot of sitting
haha
a lot of sitting
well that's not so bad
It's a good 2nd job
Flexible etc
I'm going to work as much as I can if it means I might get to buy a house
Because I need more space
Yeah I could see that
I don't like being confined in small spaces
Me neither
Also I keep thinking up these grand animal business fantasies
That cannot be realized in a tiny apartment
no
i would say not
haha
nan
Haha what
These hands
Idk
Haha these hands
Idk what the meme means though
I don't know why someone would make that lol
Yeah beats me lol
Am i a complicated or simple person?
basically pretty simple, at least in interacting with you
Interesting
Indeed
hows things
Pretty good, doing Expo stuff and starting new job
Getting ready for school to start
Etc
Oh yeah that's coming up soon
and when does school start for you?
The 17th I believe
On a Tuesday
i started monday, I'm taking a film class. You took one of those no?
Yea I did, very boring lol
Three hour classes
Mine is not bad. It's film theory and we get to watch a lot of tarantino, hitchcock, Wuthering Heights, star wars, things like that. A lot of film student know it alls hahaha
like "oh man i know that director let me list all of their most famous movies"
Yea we had some of those haha
but like you know what they're tlaking about
you're just not a dick
hahahaha
"Some people say George Lucas wasn't that great of a director" 

Profesorr: "okay."
Hahaahahaha
HAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!
WOW
That happened
"many people are saying"
that's not a real critique
Right lolok
Exactly
those kids who just want to hear their own voice
No factual basis
Yes
spoiler: the profs dont like that
That
dont kiss ass
they like intelligence
not forced dialogue
hahaha
Right
Dude I hate to do this but I'm exhausted
I've gotta go to sleep lol
you're good, i'm in bed getting ready to pass out. Message me tomorrow if you want haha
Okay bruh
Later!
l8r
this is real
http://www.wvgazettemail.com/ae/20170111/just-press-play-with-joshua-beane
No
What
What
I'm not clicking this
What is this
he has a radio show
NO
IM DYING
yep its real
im going to go on the show to promote wvre
hahahahaha
what
hahahaha
...
Is this
Some alt reality
right exactly
the only reason i started talking to him again
is because this was SO intruiging to me
I am fascinated
right
and like
get this
it gets worse
"qiet" released a new "music video"
its total garbage
but
josh helped make it and is IN IT
get this
AS A MAN WHO IS TRYING TO HANG HIMSELF
.....
No
NO
SO WEIRD
HAHAHA
its very weird
he said
its "pretty much the best thing ive ever done in my life"
and im like, oh no i almost told him it was really bad
because make no mistake
its terrible
as is qiet
they are not good
nan
Why have you done this
i was talking a lot about aliens this week and one of my friends said i probably just was feeling nostalgic.
she wouldn't watch the film or any clips, so i made this
Hahaha
Alien nostalgia
Classic
Pfft
Right
lolol
I'm watching new Portlandia. It's on Netflix
Been sick today but starting to feel better
At some salt water taffy
taffy is always helpful tbh
Exactly dude.  Forgot how delicious it is
Not really made of salt water BTW
thank you for clearing that up for me
hahahahaa
I googled it
A guy jokingly called his taffy salt water taffy after a ocean storm near his boardwalk candy shop because the taffy was all wet
And a lady told him it was a catchy name
HAHAHAHAHA
I LOVE THAT
I know, I thought it was quite clever and is delicious
yes i enjoy it more now
honestly
lol
I always wondered
Hahaha
yah i did too
like
that name doesn't work.
lol
Right it's not salty
It's sweet and fruity
Fruit water taffy
fruit water taffy
that sounds like something hummingbirds would eat
OMG it does. I bet you could make hummingbird food by dissolving taffy
I bet you could
but like
SHOULD you
hahaha
Probably not.  People shouldn't even eat it hahaha
accurate
lmao
I'm getting ready for bed dude.  Ttfn tata for now
t t y l * * *
n i    t e
nan
I don't think that's science
I don't either but, you know how it goes
Dogs are a man's best friend
Etc
Hahahahahahaha
I didn't expect anyone to defend that dogs can understand language
Wowzer
Yea you have to be careful on groups where people enjoy bashing ideas
They will bash yours too
Lolol
Yahhh Lmao
But I didn't think that was an idea I thought it was hilarious and inaccurate and assumed I was being a fun person
This is a fun place to be
My brother didn't pay for our internet and I'm taking 4 online classes so I have to use my phone to write down homework assignments
So I've got to go lol
WOW I'm sorry good luck
Thank vlud
Michael
What the hell lol
You DO NOT sign a lease with Isaac
What
Your friend asked me to talk some sense into you
Of course I will follow that up with, you're responsible for yourself and no one can watch everything you do, but Isaac is abusive and a psychopath, and you know better than to continue to associate with him.
I can agree with most of that I just don't want to
It's a life or death decision
If you choose to stay with him no one can feel sorry for you when you end up in the hospital
This is accurate
may i ask what basically was said to you? that unsolicited by the way, i wasn't aware until you messaged me.
Just that your friend is worried about your health if you continue to live with Isaac because he is abusive and she wanted me to ask you to not sign a new lease with him
ok
i think that's true, i appreciate you asking. She knows that i basically wont listen to anyone but you which is probably why she spoke to you
i have to find a way to make this right and fix my life before it becomes too much
The way to do that seems painfully simple
when someone has gaslighted you and wormed their way into your brain so harshly for so many years it's easily done but they can make your life hell with like a sentence
it's weird
Yea dude that's my whole life until like a year ago lol
That's why you have to GET AWAY
yeah i know lol
you're right
it's like, i am finally getting my life back on track, but he could take that if he wantedl
so i can't let that happen...
exactly.  and if you do, you cant pretend to be sad about it.  you have the power to choose your life
i doi
i'm glad i'm getting myself together
i am too
I got the papers for a studio today
Isaac locked me out and disappeared and now I'm withdrawing from my medication
I have had it.
Yea that's a sign lol
Get the heck out of that situation
dude
haha
funny story real quick
i contacted isaacs dad and he's coming to get him today
Hell yes!
Good job dude!
He started threatening to kill him self to inleft and he's begging me to come back
I literally called his dad
It's done
Awesome man I'm so proud of you :)
Thank you for standing up for yourself!
It's been a long time coming
And thanks!
Like my dad got involved lol
Yea it has haha
Did I tell you I had dinner with my dad
Omg
Hahaha
No!
Tell me
He comes to Cbus for business
He is a lobbyist for Goldman Sachs and Halliburton
He is working on the Dakota access and keystone pipeline
Are you fucking serious
Wait how sure are you of thus
This
What are his qualifications in the first place!
He has a business degree
I met an executive from haliburtan
At the Hyatt
He bought my friend and I a 300 dollar meal
50 dollar whiskey
Dude
He was lobbying you
Annie told me he was
He offered me connections
He knows people at places I'm applying to for software
"Connections" haha
He offered us both ins at companies if we proved ourselves
I applied to Goldman Sachs at his suggestion
What the hell haha
Well hopefully something good comes of that
He gave me two hundred dollars because he's so rich he forgot how much cabs cost
He then said I could come back and use his Hyatt tab whenever
Your dad did this/
?
Yes
Well damn lol, stay in the hyatt a few nights
Someone in violin studio gave us Valentine's with pencils and suckers
Fifth grade style
Awe! How cute haha
I have a coffee date with a boy today
Ohh a cute boy?
Yes that's not Isaac and not racist or homophobic
I've had a few of those lately
Sounds like it could go well then lol
nan
Quite cute
He is!!
It may
Very cute
Hopefully neuro typical hahaha
He's not
But not to a afault
Well that's good
I'm not sure we're doing anything special today
I bought some ground lamb and chianti
Ah I see
Yummm
Probably make some paleo burgers
Christmas really messed up our finances so we're trying to chill with the spending
Did you go all out haha?
As much as I could, which wasn't much. I have 6 family members that expect decent gifts and James and his mom and James' sister in law
That's a lot of gifts
That's a LOT
I just make people cards and tell them to suck it im poor
Or buy them a drink
Lol
Yes dude and my family doesn't care if I'm poor they still want presents
I told you how on mothers day or my moms birthday, I can't remember, I painted her a picture on a cancas
Canvas
Oh god yes
And she cried all day
Yep
Because I didn't buy anything haha
James got me a little thing of flowers
And he says "and I got the blue bow"
The bow is clearly pink hahahaha
Hahahaha
Omg
Apparently his brother is colorblind too
Thought his wife's blonde hair was pink when she got it done
And freaked out hahaha
I'm so pleased by what you have just said
It's sort of awkward because I can't not say anything
Like "is that blue to you?" Haha
nan
Look at this pink worm
Oh me god
nan
I did mean to say me
*angers noodley*
Beaut
Hhhhh
Ahaha
*noodles angrily*
I got my new apartment for next year btw
Hell yes dude
Where is it?
Right on high street in like a complex
nan
The last one is where I live now oops
Have I been where you live now?
Nope you haven't
Hey I'm going to tell you a secret
Those bottles on your cabinet
Are garbage
Ok go
Hahahahaha
That's not a secret
I just have people over a lot hahah
It's gay
Throw them out. Take them to recycling
You'll get money for them
I plan on it
So just you, no isaac
yep
well also my cat
Right haha
What's his name again
chester
Chester that's right lol
i'm registering him as an emotional support nimal lol
he's kept me from committing heinous acts
Good!
Heinous acts lol
these vicious felonies
Don't be like son of sam
The dog told the guy to kill people
Hahaha
OH NO
HHAHAH
Talked about that guy in my forensic psych class
He was cray
oh god
lol
I've been delivering pizzas
Tonight is my second night
Made $28 in 2 1/2 hours last night
That's just the money I took home in case
*cash
That's really awesome
Haha
Taking home $36 for 3 1/2 hours
This is my new favorite thing lol
my initiative failed
sigh
Nope
I'm saying no to that
i tried one more thing
let's see how it pans out
to get isaac out?
try this
restraining order
His dad came and was very nice, but manipulated by isaac. they tried to back me into a corner and get me to tell them what to do by themselves
my mom emailed him
i have been thinking of getting my dad to step in
hes terrifying
omg haha
so what did his parents make you do?
did you tell them their son needs professional help?
and possibly institution?
yes
we sent all of these texts
where he was like
i'm drinking all of your rum
and killing myself
basically
they did nothing
lol
okay so heres what you do
tell him to get out
tell them he has to leave
tell them it is non-negotiable
unless they want to open a tab for your hospital visits
I did
and he said no
he has a stake here
it's his lease
he can do what he wants
so the current lease is his right?
let me show you something lol
and mine
it's joint
okay, what about the new one?
i am still moving...in july....
haha
and that is your lease correct
not his
mine only
okay
so
if he left would he have a place to go or money to stay somewhere else
not that it matters but itd make it easier to get him out
his dad OFFERED
nan
to help him find somewhere now
he said no
then his dad asked me to decide
i was like
wait
noth doing this
okay so
that conversation
yep
is the most dramatic and cringe thing i have read in a long time
his father has that
and read it
and also images of our destroyed livign room
tell him
videos of him burning his clothes outside
lmao
if he does not leave
you will call the police and file a domestic
ok
is there grounds for that?
because he is abusing you
based on the texts?
he is tearing apart your home and being violent towards you
sure the texts would help
i had to look up the laws about animal abuse
he said he was going to kill chester
and didn't believe me
do you have texts saying that
when i said that the gecko just ran away and we'd find him
we found him.
i do
okay
so
call the police.  explain the situation to them.  tell them he is suicidal but is also violent and abusive towards you and the pets
and that he will not leave
tell them you are moving out but the new lease doesnt start until july
and you need him to leave before then
before he physically hurts you or kills himself
i'm going to figure this out today
i had to miss all of my classes
due to him yelling at me last night nad being drunk
tell him and his parents if he does not leave you are calling the police
i dumped out all of my alcohol
and if he doesnt leave, call the police
tell him he really should just leave, because if the police see those texts, he's likely to go to jail or a psych ward
and for gods sakes, please stop talking to him about this crazy shit
he just wants attention
he's a nut but he just wants the attention
so ignore him and make him leave
i have a question
just like a random personal question lol
it's not actually personal, but it's out of nowhere
Okay go
you started college a bit later, and I'm going to be finishing a little later. Someone i've been talking to recently made a comment about my age, and like, i never really thought about it, but it oddly bothered me. Does this sort of thing ever bother you? I typically don't care enough haha, but all of the sudeen i'm very "aware" of it.
hey sorry
just got off work
i think you tend to fixate on aspects of your "self" that really dont need to be front and center in your mind
dont worry about it, it doesnt mean anything
james is 33 and in college lol
Thanks I needed that
I appreciate it a lot
I need grounded sometimes and only you can do it
Lol
lol its a struggle every day to ground myself
but i think imgetting better at it
I feel
Me too!
let me tell you what happened to me today
Ok
i went to a reptile show
that is run by some dumb redneck bitch and her weird gross caveman boyfriend
Oh god
she basically followed in my foot steps when i moved to VA, except she is conning people in WV and trying to sell them mini pigs and puppies at a reptile show
sick animals
its just gross
Oh. I
No
Wtf
so anyway
Nooo
i didnt want to go because they HATE me
because theyre afraid of competition
my friend who was vending asked me to come help him vend
i told him it wasnt a good idea, but he convinced me
so i tell a couple of other people that im going to help vend so i can pick up a couple things ive already purchased while im there
someone tells the owner, britny
she messages every single gecko vendor asking if im going to be helping them vend
oh wow
eventually she gets to my buddy and tells him im not allowed in the show
i was PISSED
hardly slept last night
?!?!
anyway, i woke up and picked up james, who had a little digital tape recorder
OK
wow
and we went down there
and he paid for two tickets (i sort of slumped down behind him)
and as we're walking in, some girl yells my name from the ticket table and i look back (silly me haha), and she FREAKS OUT
and runs to tell britny
oh wow.
of course.
i at this point have been look, oh okay im caught
how are adults still such shildren
i give up
CAUGHT
but JAMES SAYS
SPOTTEd
HAHA
no lets go
lets go in
so we walk into the show hahaha
he was right
you should have
lmao
i do my little business
and the adult garbage pail kid that is britny's boyfriend
comes over and starts telling me i need to leave because hes going to call the police
james says, show us the bylaws that give you the right to exclude us from a public event
the police?
of course the dude couldnt understand that, told me i "cause problems" whenever i asked him why i cant be there
anyway, he calls the police
i go outside with my buddy who is vending, and james
im done there, got what i needed
the police show up
caveman comes running
this is the best part
the policeman asks him what the problem is
and troglodyte says
wtf
"she causes problems, like problems on facebook"
ON FACEBOOK
HE SAID THIS
TO THE OFFICER
NOOOOO
i just fell over laug[qherg'o
laughing
wtf
hahahaha
i swear to god
WTF MAN
he called to police about facebook
so anyway
WOW
OK
the officer was obviously very annoyed with this guy
and james showed him that we BOUGHT tickets
which we did (before they spotted me)
so the dude made garbage pail man refund our tickets
and we left
hahahaha
so yea THESE are the people i have to deal with
on a daily basis
in order to run a business
thank god i just plan on working for people that already have abusiness
that is a bitch
wow
ON FACEBOOK!!! SHE WAS MEAN!!! OK 911!!!!!
ok
wow.
yea hahaha
that's incredibly infantile
it is
just wanted to share that
because i refrained from posting about it
also if you ever need anyone to do web or page design for your business, keep in mind that i'm good at this and will do it at basically 0 cost haha.
yeah
like honestly
that story is a MESS
lol
i may need that at some point, and i appreciate the offer@
but yea dude it was an adrenaline rush hahaha
yeah no prob, it would be good experience for me anyway haha
and yeah
it seems like it
being in there like
knowing i was being
HUNTER
HUNTED
hahahaha
if you wanted to start up a little WVRE website, that just has like, a vendor sign up form on it
and maybe a couple of donate buttons
it wouldnt need to be complicated
I would love to give that a go
i just need a good bit of info
images you'd like
font prefs
things like that
i can look into it this coming week
awesome duder that would be great4
also
dont tell anyone yet shhh
im going to start doing a monthly show here too
just because of how much britny pissed me off banning me from her dirt grub show
OH!
i won't
that's amazing
haha
im excited about it
hoping itll also help james and i get a house
That would be awesome
id like to have a kid here in a couple of years, also i dont like living with lee
he is a true child
I can see this
we are adults
i had to hide in your room
lol
he's very chilidish
Yes haha
He makes breakfast for dinner like four times a week
He eats expensive organic bullshit Target cereal with expensive organic chocolate mocha almond milk on it
interesting
i've been eating a lot of collard greens recently
i thought that was unnecessary haha
but what you are describing is
but sounds delicious
lol
too much sugar for my liking lol
i love greens
i eat a giant salad like once a day
do you cook them?
I'm headed to bed man, later!
night dude!
ttyl
my bosses at the pizza place are ghost hunters
im about to go on a ghost hunt
WHAT!!!!
isnt this weird
hahahaha
OMFG!!!!!!
i know!!!!
I am actually screaming with jealousy
what the hell
HAHAHA
dude theyre like
bikers
this is too good
and i just found out they hunt ghosts
perfect
im so excited
ill update you with anything crazy that goes on
going to that graveyard up where sam campbell lived
up montrose
please do
haha
up montrose theres owls out
bahaha
the owls are out on montrose
i told someone that with no contet recently
they lost it
it's the syntax and everything
it is hahaha
I was like "oh you're in circleville? There are owls out on circleville tonight"
By owls you mean police
nan
cute headshot fam
thanks  fam
When you think someone is a sane person with snakes so you message them and immediately regret it
nan
nan
Can you make me a website
For my show series
And will it cost to keep it online
can I start it this weekend? I'll be home on friday, i just have an exam on thursday. We can meet up and you can give me the details and I'll start working on it. My spring break starts this weekend
Yea no real rush but I'm about to start doing a monthly show at Marshall and I think a website with dates and contact info would be a nice touch
Ok cool
sounds good
Thanks so much buddy
Does it cost monthly to keep the site up?
For a simple website we could probably host it with a free service
for something with a custom domain name
a little bit
Aw heck yea
maybe 30 or so dollars a year in upkeep
That's not bad at all
I could do $30 a year lol
yeah it depends on the service. My friend who is studying computer science is coming home with me this weekend - i'll ask her to give me a hand with it.
It shouldn't be so bad
Oh cool!  That's awesome, thanks so much!
np mannnnnn
I can pay you too
After the first show
I can send you cash for your help
ok cool beans dude
i'm excited to do this
Got the venue!!!
At marshall
help
making banners for show
nan
opinion?
i like the colors
have you thought of doing something different with text alignment?
like
maybe have a little note underneath, maybe the date and time is organized so it's slanted
it looks good coloriwse, I just like the idea of playing with text positioning.
ill play around with it
i was most concerned about color and font
itll be 4x2.5
big banner
probably put on jefferson road
this may sound dumb
nbut like
haha
can the white be slightly less white? not cream
just lesss""""" white
haha
i was looking at a cream color
let me see
made them slightly off white
ok neat
i like  myabe
nan
i like that better
thicken the font about the cost
okay
nan
how is that
also this
for yard signs
nan
yes an yes
think bottom of yard sign needs something
hard to read
nan
final one i think
maybe i dont know
thoughts?
nan
better?
HELP
dont want browser to time out
hmmm
well
last one
the others are too symmetric?
okay
and the last one reads better
right?
yes it does.
okay awesome
spending a lot on these so need them to be perfect lol
holy fuck
nan
WHAT DO YOU THINK???
that looks really nice
AWESOME
AHHH
perfect lizard haha
lizard perfecto
Hey friendo what's crackin
About to clean some snake poop lol
Then meeting reptile friends up at South ridge for lunch
Then ALL DAY school work lolol
Oh wow full day haha
Oh yes haha it's never ending
Wanna email me some ideas and visions for your sight?
When you can
And the function of it
I will do my best to do that tonight
http://cincityreptileshow.com/
something similar to this
but less douchey
lol
andwith colors you like
that are welcoming
hahaha
yes hahaha
maybe some nice light colors
springy would be nice
I can make it look much better esp with the help of another cs student
That site you sent me is bad
I like the list
Vendors
Shows
Etc
Yea that's the content we need on there
And yes it is bad
But it's a fair template
I can do the content the template is good
It's just lazy code lol
Or like a free site maker
We'll get you a site that can do both
I'll write it up
Then find a domain and see which service is best and most cost effective
Dude I'd appreciate that so much
If these shows go well they could be my livelihood
Meaning you could make some cash doing website stuff for it continually
Good site design makes or breaks
That's what my industry seminars tell me
If you have a good site you could make bank
I could set up adv
Etc
Heck yeeea dude
I'm going to start doing 8 months a year
Not during summer or Christmas time
But when people have money and time lol
Hey
What are you doing
Hey
Nothin!
I'm sitting at Bob Evans
Had a small breakdown earlier
Skipped out on work at the lab today
Considering quitting everything related to wvsu besides my classes
What's going on?
Hm
This new pizza job
Is frustrating
The managers there are mean
Most of my coworkers are mean
They're just miserable and depressed and bitch constantly
About me
Even though I do a really good job and no one will train me
But it's okay money
But not enough money to quit the lab job without looking for either another job or a delivery job with more hours
And you don't want to do that im hearing
Wrong no
Dumb emoji
Hahahahah
Hahah
Godddd
It's not that I don't want to work
It's that I'm having a hard time managing my time with how much I work
The expo
And my classes
And I'm getting very stressed daily at this point
Also I have secret resentment that James doesn't work
And takes less hours than me
He's "trying" to get a job with a VA office that'll probably be minimum wage
But it hasn't happened yet
But the point is that he doesn't need to? And you do? Or
Well he gets 1200-1600 a month
But I don't really use his money
Not unless I have to
So it's like if he worked a job I could relax a little more
We are trying to get a house
And I work two jobs and he doesn't work
Doesn't make sense to me
I just left his house crying
He hasn't said anything to me
He's busy working on his car, which he's been doing for over a month
Won't go to lunch with me or do anything with me because of this car
I have no one at all to talk to this about
dude
what the hell?
i mean
is he just not seeing this as an issue?
I try to like
Not think about it
And understand where he's coming from
sometimes you have to talk about this though ya know
I mean I think he knows how I feel about the car thing, but he says he's trying to get it running so if my car dies I'll still have a vehicle
Which I can appreciate
But he focuses so hard on it that I get left out
ahhhh i see
yeah that's good but then there's a point to where it's like how do you fit in to what's happenign lol
Yea and he keeps telling me it's almost done
It's been "almost done" for two weeks
I just get frustrated
I have SO MUCH on my shoulders
And he doesn't really directly help
i can see that yeah you do
I know he is an emotional person
And if he gets caught up in my bad days
He could also get upset and depressed
And I don't want that to happen because then it's a bigger problem
But I don't always know what to do about the ways I feel
Positive thinking I guess
well
i recently learned this
no you don't wan to make him upset and make things worse. But life and relationships are sometimes a pain with emotional stuff but they are worth it. You are not validating your own emotions here. You need to get this stuff out in the open, have a small bit of upset with him, or risk resenting him for something that might seem small later down the line
I get that but my fear is
I can get pretty mean when I'm upset
yeah same lol
And I don't even realize my tone and the words I'm using
And he does the same thing I think
So if I accidentally attack him he will get upset and accidentally attack me
Resulting in a big mess
is your fear you being mean and his rxn or his meanness and
oh
i see
hm
Yea because he gets really emotionally defensive too
We are both emotionally stubborn lol
So i'd practice what you'r ewere gonna say. I'm incredibly volatile so i often practice and refine my wrods in situations like this to avoid a blow up so i'm in better control
haha
i have a similar issue personally
and it's like idk how i'm gonna end up reacting
however
If I practice my words it's normally so that my attacks sting the hardest hahaha
you both have to find a away to quit it
Yes i know
hahaha
but like there's a flip side
Yea he was asking me what was wrong when I was leaving and crying
at least you are precise
And I just said "I don't feel good"
And left
Because I knew if I told him why
It would come out as accusatory
And make it worse
ok so what did you want to convey
or
in a sentence like
what would you have said
had you spoken
Basically
"you know that I've been really stressed and depressed recently and I just wanted you to go to lunch with me because you help me feel better but your car is more important to you than how I feel"
Which I know is wrong because I'm in charge of my emotions
But it gets hard sometimes and I like to use a quick fix when I can, like lunch with my bf
he would take the general theme of that as accusatory?
I'm  thinking it's a way you phrasse things problem or think about him, it's just him overreacting
I mean yes I'd say 50/50 chance he would get defensive
Or like... lowkey defensive
Like "I'm trying so hard to do whatever you want me to because I love you"
i see
so it's not him being mad about what you said like overall
it's him saying he cares
but he's making it all about how he feels when you're expressing how you feel in that moment
Yea basically
have you ever brought this up?
He's trying to say basically like, I'm trying so don't be sad and make me feel bad
Uggh well to be honest
Any time we have had a fight
He becom
he's just dangerous
i can't be at home
he's volitile
youre ignoring it by not calling the police
let me try and figure out what i'd say before i do that
weve been through this before i think lol
we have
it's just not worth the conversation anymore
because i just keep sinking and LETTING myself sink
so i try not to have it often
well i guess youll have to keep avoiding him then
until you do something or he does something
hes leaving by the weekend
my mom contacted his parents and he's leaving school to go to treatment
well heck yea
thats great
i jsut have to wait this out
i did fix things
its just this week
god
stick it out
itll get better im sure
How's the page going?
It's coming I'm sorry dude Isaac left today and we hadn't talked and me coming back after a week he passed me on his way to the bus stop to the airport and like
He's getting help
But today is
I can't do much today
It's fine dude no worries
I'm glad you guys will both have some peace
I'm in deep denial. He didn't even tell me. He left food out for the car had everything in order but it felt like he just walk past me knowing that talking would change his mind
It was rough man
Yea dude it sounds like it
Now for the healing
he came back, didn't actually go anywhere. haven't spoken
Jesus
That's a fucked situation dude
i'll figure it out
i don't know what's going on yet
how are things going?
Better but I'm still having trouble staying home, I'm going to a friends party right now to get out of the house. I just sat in my room all day lol
jesus dude lol
im sorry its still bad though
have you gotten any extra time working on the website?
Nah but I can tomorrow I explained the situation to my prof and got assignment extensions
aww thats nice of him to do
good to have understanding profs
be careful at your party lol
I will it's a bunch of gay socialists they're harmless lol
bahaha omg
sounds like a very interesting party
annie is almost finished with your site
she's been working me than me
haha
ALSO
crazy thing
i just got offered a job that is a project in genetic modifications and it's classified so they couldn't tell me about it?
Omg thank you
And that's awesome!!!
Is it real
Lol
Sorry if it takes me awhile to respond
nan
Helping a vendor unload
christ the lord.
There's more too lol
Hey hey
How's it goin
Hey dude
Hey
I'm half asleep lol
I was gonna ask you about the reptile show
Lol
Shoot
Also I am too
It was great and exhausting lol
So the guy I am about to start dating is super into vaping
I went to a shop with him yesterday customize something and watch him try flavors
Haha
I thought of doing that with you in Charleston lol
Lolol
Who is this guy
Max, I think I showed you a photo of him once
Let me see again
nan
That's all I have on hand
nan
He seems a little odd hahaha
Oh he's so weird lol
He is smart and nice and treats me with respect and tolerates my crazy. We've been good friends for like half a year. Haha
Well awesome
Is he pretty stable?
I think that's the main thing you need in a relationship
Stability
So you can focus on non relationship stuff
do you know when that page will be done?
what do you want on the front page specifically?
it's getting close to functionality
The logo which can be found on the wvre FB page
ok just making sure
And the banner on the Facebook page I guess, it has dates on it
ok cool
Awesome thank you
I'm headed to bed
Night!
also max is stable enough, can handle isaacs garbage, and is a successful student in laboratory science to naswer your Q lol
and NIGHT!
Well that's great to hear :)
Later gator

l8r
I had to move out at 5 am
my dad is paying off the rest of my lease and i'm looking for a sublet
it got BAD dude
What happened?
i told him i didn't want to talk about an issue and he kept emailing from the other room
slamming on my door
leaving notes
i got this
The unfortunate thing about waiting until this conversation can have a mature and productive approach to it is that there will never be enough time in our lives for you to turn into a creature deserving of a kind and civil discussion about all that you've done to me. To expect anyone to be able to calmly and productively discuss such egregious emotional abuse, physical intimidation, subtle and blatant gaslighting, and complete personal obliteration like a submissive hollow robot is fucking ridiculous and disgusting, even though for god knows what reason I've tried to do just that so many times. But I'm really insanely jealous; it's a unique and likely a heavenly blessing to be able to postpone dealing with how fundamentally you fucked up huge parts of me and my life and just leave it out of your mind while I remain neck-deep in mud gasping for air, and since the malice through your blood is already on a pleasantly distracting journey to do it all over again, why feel the urgency to look back and address things with me, right? I'm stuck, I can be left, like you begged me not to do to you the entire time we've known each other. Am I really so stupid that I actually stayed this long for you? Well no, you threatened to kill yourself, what was I supposed to do. 

Well at least this new one's in a really good and stable emotional place in his life so he could handle the toxic infection once it takes him over, right? Or if he can't, will you just leave your damage behind and find a new one again to see how much it takes for them to break? Why grow up and face your faults if you can just postpone it, ignore it, silence your victims, and convince yourself you live in a reality where it's not abhorrent to look at yourself in a mirror? I mean some feel a responsibility to others, basic human decency usually does it for the rest, but I've come to learn what to expect as a head above the earth you just stepped over in your path miles back. I'm glad your shoes got a little less muddy. 

I do remember when you were nice to me - we were laughing, trying to silently communicate to see if we should hold hands, calling each other cute even though it was kinda awkward within ourselves, but worth it for a bashful smile that seemed to emerge from deep within the other person - I wonder how long it will take for you to tear him down and destroy his sense of self too. Maybe it's a pretty reliable timeline, especially since you admittedly aren't aware of most of what you did, or at least aren't willing to accept it - not even sure which is more pathetic, or which is more dangerous. Perhaps think of others when considering whether or not you want to go through the actions that have devastated people, not just for you or the ones you've hurt, but the one's you'll be taking down the same road. If you want to own up to your actions and face the reality of this situation, which if I'm being serious I think at least part of that I'm partially owed, it's not going to be with a bouquet of roses and kind voices, because that is the last thing you deserve. I suggest you do everything you can to change that.
then my dad called and threatened him
now i'm not really living anywhere
i'm sleeping in my guys small twin sized bed and my friends floor
his a sociopath
you were right.
Honestly he reminds me more of a really cringey scene kid
That message is so cringe
it is dude
oh my god
like the language used?
lol
He needs his ass beat
To get a taste of real life
guess why he's acting out
Is it over grilled cheese?
it's clearly all related to max coming out of my room in the middle of the night
that's literally all it is
it's always small shit
Right
Very childish stuff
just signed a lease at a new place
i'll be moving in tomorrow.
Heck yea! Is it cool?
its a small studio in the same building im moving into in august
The same building oh no
no that's good
that means
when i move over the summer
i can go down the hall
True but you're still going to live with him almost lol
no
isaac doesn't live in this building
we weren't signed up to live together next autumn
like
he never found housing.
Ohh okay
Well sweet then
That's perfect
A new start!
yes!!!
it's security locked and stuff
he can't get in
lol
Heck yeah lol
Perfect situation for you
What happened with your other psycho roommate? The cat one?
she wasn't so bad honestly
she was weird
but like isaac hated her
i found her very grating
i have hung out with her recently
did she leave?
she was hyper
nah she just stayed at the place we all used to live and replaced us
haha
ohh okay haha
just registered for a business license
im a real adult now
i just got a USARK silver medallion for a website
can your friend put it on the front page of my site?
that's awsome!
yes
Hey man, how's it going? Everything calming down ?
Life is serene
I'm moving into my new place
Now actually
I've spent the entire weekend with max
No anxiety
No stress
Heck yes dude
I'm so glad to hear!
I've finally made the change that you've been compelling me to make haha
It gets better from here!
Just keep up that momentum
I will! And now we have time to work with the site more. Annie is making strides with it web dev is just time consuming
How is that going btw? I'm very excited lol
Sorry we've been dogsitting out in the woods, service isn't great
nan
This smol dog has big human personality
New place
ok so like
such a cute doggo
nan
also the web project is coming along, annie has devoted more time to it than me honestly. It's looking good
Wow dude I love your new place
Awesome bathroom!
i like it a lot too. chester is a fan. i don't live in a basement anymore haha
As someone who can appreciate not living in a basement, I'm happy for you
HAHA
yeah the mold was out of control and everything had a...must
Oh God mold can cause so much illness
I bet you'll start feeling much better
I was a wreck in Josh's basement
I already do lol like honestly
Started having autoimmune type symptoms
i have a window with sunshine now
Remember they treated me for lyme
YES
they did
They couldn't figure it out
i started getting inexplicably sick
It was mold lol
Yes exactly
Clean air is so nice haha
IT IS
lol
So I have a funny little story to tell you
let's hear it
Obviously don't tell anyone else but I know you won't anyway
So the guy I get most of my snakes from, Matt
i wont haha
And his wife
Have started like
Hitting on me
Interesting
And low key inviting James and I to "swap* with them
OH MAN
Like they've invited me to their house in Cincinnati many times
interesting ^ 2
But now it's obvious
That want to do it
With both of us
I think mainly just me because they hardly know james
But James would have to be there for it to be kosher obvi
They have five adopted and foster kids
oh wow
So I don't know how we'd even be able to do that
that's interesting but messy
yeah
Like
I sort of want to do it
I've had a crush on Matt for awhile
But I've only known him like 4 months
James is kind of iffy on it
what's his reservation aside from the obvious?
But if put in the situation I think he'd be the life of the party after a couple drinks lol
Mainly safety
Because condoms don't protect from everything
ahhhhhh
yeah
i get that
And these people have sex with all types of people lol
They're swingers
OH
wait yeh
like
this can be done but obviously with great caution
but also
think about what kind of people are swingers and have like a bunch of foster kids. Either the best kind of people, or the worst kind haha
Exactly
They told me no one can know or they can't foster
He has a bio degree
oh wow
this is such a mixed bag
hahahahaha
They have a really nice house
Both have good jobs
i can't get a read off of these people
Money and all that
that's good
but the other stuff
Let me give you their read lol
but it's good
but weird
lol
lol ok
I thought they were Baptist
For a good while
With all the kids
And being married
interesting
Right
Let me show you
They're very clean looking
ok
nan
Typical normal hiking couple
normal people
yes
lol
Isn't that so insane
yes lol
So I really don't know what to do
Because I definitely think Matt is cute
But it could be SO weird
To go up there and get drunk and end up having sex with another couple
That's a game changer
i almost
well alcohol would make it easier
but llike then again
there is danger
and you want to make sure you are as cognitive of your choices as can be
Exactly
Now they're seasoned pros
He told me they always use condoms etc
Obviously I would NEED to make sure condoms were used
Even if "buzzed"
yes
That's a huge deal
obviously
yes
however it's harder to keep that in check in that state for basically anyone
that's my concern
but yo usaid they are pros
lol
they have to make the same assumptions about you then
I mean I've told them I've never done this
And that James is iffy
And they're like please have him talk to us so we can answer his questions
Even his wife sent me a message one morning
So they're highly motivated to get us up there
wow
For some reason
So I'm really not sure what is going to happen
James is down to drive up there
Matt said he can give us a behind the scenes tour at the cincy zoo reptile housen
Anyway
That's my story
Lol
this is just like
so much
lmao
Yea I feel like a child that is being lured to a fancy house with candy (big snakes)
HAHAHA!!!!
oh my god
Just for my own piece of mind, is Isaac posting vitriolic articles about toxic people on Facebook? People are like deleting me lol
I don't know, let me check
Thanks man
Just a lot of political links so far
Ok
One link to an article about toxic people lol
Nothing too crazy
Wow figured
Lol
I was like why are people cutting me off lol
Anyway
I just culled a bunch of mice
For my snakes
It was very weird
Hahahahaha
Had to do them one at a time
With a kitchen spatula
That's actually quite funny
No my hands are like
Killers
Anyway
I have pet mice now
nan
Three blind mice
Not really their vision is fine
nan
About to try to get this venue, 43000 sq feet
Estimated time on website?
When's the deadline for this?
Asap lol
The sooner the better
nan
Could you get me an estimated finish date on the site? If I get this venue I want to put a monstrous banner on it with the web address
can you add a mailing list on the page? like an option to join one?
yes i can, still working on it. i can have it ready like after finals so in like a few weeks honestly
okay sweet
thank you
this shows about to explode
it looks good
big space
just got people signed on driving from michigan
oh nice
oh yea dude its huge
becks monring phase is on my final because it's pivotal nature in post post modernist aesthetics
idk what or why
but i wanted to tell you apparently beck is important to historians
haha
Omg what
That's insane!!!
Go beck!
yah like there is half a page on him
Pray to xenu
Good job beck
edm is after beck and the category "laptop music"
HAHAHA
any clue on how far along the website is?
putting an 8x12 banner on the building and would like to put a web address on it if possible
I promise it will be resumed after these finals. Ironically a compsci final is coming up soon but things are mad hectic. Trying to get a new job and classes you know the life but it's in the works and will be up well before the next show
Okay thank you for helping me out with this btw, it means a lot and I have no coding skills to speak of lol
nan
MY GOD
Isn't that wonderful haha
I sent it to everyone
Hahaha fantastic
Question
If I sent you a crap ton of fliers
Sure
Could you put them up at popular areas in Columbus
Like all over lol
Duh
Of course
Thank you so much
I'll take them to the place with the reptile displays too
Just get them to me
I need to get them printed first but I'll send them out to you when I have them
I need these vendors to do really well and come back
Going to take a lot of work
So you wanna send hard copies?
Well do you know of a good place to print color copies?
Not color sadly
I have free b and w
Then yea I can just mail you a box
I'm watching lost
And drinking wine
That sounds great
I'm about to have a rum and coke and am watching cartoons
That's a great Saturday
Saturday night cartoons lol
How have you been? Things moving along with new guy I can remember his name?
Can't* obviously
Things are going well!! He's cuddling with me rn and I feel valid. His name is max lol
I love the name max
Tell him I say greetings
I look forward to meeting him at some point
Is he much different from Isaac?
HAHAHAHAHA
He's like a real human being
Instead of hot garbage
Like god
Hahahaha
Isaac was so bayside
No
Abusive
Fuck him
I'm still trying to acclimate to being treated well
Like affection
Respect
Well the marking qualities of Isaac that stick out to me are grandiose, narcissistic, arrogant
General humanity
He is none of those
Well good!!
A bit dramatic but what white gay isn't, I have the issue
Lol
And yes dude isn't it great to be in a healthy relationship!
Hahaha white gays
Hahaha
Yes like we care about each other and respect each other. We also have our own individual lives
It's like
How outwardly gay is he on a scale of Mac from Sunny to Andy Dick
Wow normalcy
Marilyn Manson plus Andy dick I'd say
Hahahaha
He's a bit of a goth kid at heart
Aww I like that lolok
It's good to have your own lives
His toenails are painted black lol
It is
It helps a lot
So much
No codependent stuff
Exactly.  It's nice to have the luxury of being dependent
But codependency sucks
He did graduate high school in 2016 and I was nervous about that but it isn't an issue
Big Mike like em young
Oh nooooo
Lol
Hahahaha
So are you more flamboyant now?
Sorry I'm drunk
But interested
Saw the nail polish and mesh shirt hahahaha
I can dig it
But very different!
i just tapped into my emo side
just been wearing more dark makeup
things like that
the mesh shirt was half joke half sale item
hahahaha
i mean
it was cheap and like, i dug it
word dude you dont need to justify it
just do yo thang
so i had a dream last night
that i was offroad jeeping with henry rollins
hahahaha
HAHAHHA
WAIT
WHAT
your dreams
sometimes
my dreams are crazy man
max had a dream last night i put onions on a bagel and woke up bitter
HAHA
l had the rum and coke i am a bit silly now
hows lost
lost is...interesting
theyre manning the bunker
season?
charlie wants peanut butter
ahhh
2nd season
Max is pissy that there are naked slash porn style pics of me online from  year + ago
Am I rightfully annoyed or overreacting
Like who cares
He'll get over it
Haha
Did I ever tell you I did webcamming?
I don't think I did
He keeps complaining about it like "I just don't see the point"
So did I lol
Haha!
You didn't tell me
No I didn't tell anyone
I stopped awhile back
Money wasn't good enough
James helped me set up lighting and everything hahaha
It stopped being good for me after I stopped looking 16
Right bahaha
People are disgusting
Lol
Yes they are
Also there's so many people doing it
It's hard to make money
It is...I am like showering Columbus for a job and just
Ugh
Delivering pizza is great
I might try that honestly
It doesn't seem bad
You have the Celica right?
Yazsssir
Then yea that's the best job
Truly
Do it at a small local place if you can
They pay better over all and the rules are more lac
Lax
Ooooo I like dat
I want pizza
nan
Nom
I don't eat pizza but my car smells like it
It sucks
I'm doing extremely low carb 4 lyfe
Trying to lose weight
I'm headed to bed I think
Need to read some more GOT,
OH MY GOD WHAT THE FUCK
I'll testify for you lol
if you could do ONE thing for me
it would be this
What haha
remember when we had thanksgiving and you met isaac and saw how crazy he was?
Yep sure do
And lea haha
I'm having several eyewitnesses who have seen us interact make comments to the person overseeing my case. Her email is rosenfeld.36@osu.edu. If you want to say something aobut what kind of character you think he is and how he was, i'd appreciate you shooting her an email because his hearing is tomorrow. Say it's in regard to me
I'll definitely do that as soon as I get home
Should I mention we've been friends since we were 4? That says something about your character lol
YES
Okay hahaha
haha
that would
And that I lived with you
yep
thank you so much
No problem dude
I'll send it to you before I send it
i need someone to speak to my character and who is removed from ohio who has SEEN us to speak about isaac and basically what your experience there was
Yes exactly and how I don't know any of these people lol
Also wtf is yogurt with 0% fat
That's just like...skim milk
HAHAHAHAHWHAT
I'm grocery shopping lol
that's a weird concept
the product
People still think low fat is good for them
not shopping
It's a marketing thing
"low fat"
Idiots
I've started tracking my macros on Fitbit
Today my diet has been 73% fat
I've lost a good bit of weight lol
Hi there,

My name is Hunter Armstead, and I am a psychology student at WVSU.  My friend Michael has alerted me to a situation between him and his ex-roomate, Isaac.  I asked if there was any way I could help him, and he gave your email address to me and said you would be the best person to talk to.

A little bit of background on my relationship with Michael; he and I have been best friends since the age of 4 years old.  I have known his family as long as my memory serves me, and I have lived in his house during a semester he was away at OSU.  I'm sure you can tell yourself, but Michael is a kind, intelligent, gentle soul just trying to get through his college years and find something he is passionate about to start a career.  He does not get pleasure out the current situation he is in regarding his ex-roomate, and really seems quite distraught that his friends at OSU are now turning against him.  

I will only speak about Isaac on the level of facts, as in what I have personally witnessed.  I spent Thanksgiving with Michael and Isaac last year and volunteered to make them Thanksgiving dinner, as neither of them are great at cooking and I wanted Michael to have some home cooked food.

The little amount I have seen of the third room mate, Lea, I can only say was...strange.  I don't know much about her other than she seems a bit unstable from my few interactions with her.

Isaac was genial around me during the visit, but I often caught him picking at Michael and trying ti start small arguments.  He went so far as to invite his ex-boyfriend to stay with them, even though Isaac had just broken up with Michael, and Michael was incredibly emotionally shaken by this.  The entire weekend was very awkward for me, and Isaac seemed to be "plastic", seeming charismatic and kind one moment and narcissistic and cruel the next.

I know it is probably odd getting an email about this situation from someone you don't know, especially as I'm sure you're a very busy person.  I would just like you to observe any evidence Michael has showing that Isaac has done some truly repugnant things to him.  I haven't seen the evidence myself as, honestly, I don't think I could stomach it.  

Thank you for your time,

-Hunter
let me know what you think
i added this in as well
Michael's family has been incredibly concerned about him, and his mother and stepfather both work in the mental health industry.  They worried often that if Michael did not get away from Isaac, that something very bad would happen.  I believe Michael ended up in the hospital several times from the grief Isaac caused him, but I'm sure he could tell you more about that than I can.
That's perfect
Very well said
thank you lol
should i add anything?
Maybe what your concerns about me in the relationship had been outside of what you've seen? You made a claim, like follow it up with your opinion maybe?
okay sure
one sec
I would also like to add my own opinion on the matter, and that is that Isaac has been incredibly tortuorous and malevolent to Michael for most of the time they've lived together, and I have been telling Michael to get a restraining order or call the police for probably over a year now.  The things he has told me Isaac has done, I absolutely would have called the police, but Michael didn't want to start an upset and was afraid of what Isaac may do.  Now that he has gotten away from Isaac, it appears his fears were correct; Isaac is trying to take his only friends away from home and drive him to madness while he tries to focus on school.
That's perfecto
then i added this at tghe end
Michael probably has the messages containing my pleading for him to contact the police, because I feared for his safety.
Can you copy paste the whole draft
yep one sec
I will find those messages
Hi there,

My name is Hunter Armstead, and I am a psychology student at WVSU.  My friend Michael has alerted me to a situation between him and his ex-roomate, Isaac.  I asked if there was any way I could help him, and he gave your email address to me and said you would be the best person to talk to.

A little bit of background on my relationship with Michael; he and I have been best friends since the age of 4 years old.  I have known his family as long as my memory serves me, and I have lived in his house during a semester he was away at OSU.  I'm sure you can tell yourself, but Michael is a kind, intelligent, gentle soul just trying to get through his college years and find something he is passionate about to start a career.  He does not get pleasure out the current situation he is in regarding his ex-roomate, and really seems quite distraught that his friends at OSU are now turning against him.  

I would also like to add my own opinion on the matter, and that is that Isaac has been incredibly tortuorous and malevolent to Michael for most of the time they've lived together, and I have been telling Michael to get a restraining order or call the police for probably over a year now.  The things he has told me Isaac has done, I absolutely would have called the police, but Michael didn't want to start an upset and was afraid of what Isaac may do.  Now that he has gotten away from Isaac, it appears his fears were correct; Isaac is trying to take his only friends away from home and drive him to madness while he tries to focus on school.  Michael probably has the messages containing my pleading for him to contact the police, because I feared for his safety.

I will only speak about Isaac on the level of facts, as in what I have personally witnessed.  I spent Thanksgiving with Michael and Isaac last year and volunteered to make them Thanksgiving dinner, as neither of them are great at cooking and I wanted Michael to have some home cooked food.

The little amount I have seen of the third room mate, Lea, I can only say was...strange.  I don't know much about her other than she seems a bit unstable from my few interactions with her.

Isaac was genial around me during the visit, but I often caught him picking at Michael and trying ti start small arguments.  He went so far as to invite his ex-boyfriend to stay with them, even though Isaac had just broken up with Michael, and Michael was incredibly emotionally shaken by this.  The entire weekend was very awkward for me, and Isaac seemed to be "plastic", seeming charismatic and kind one moment and narcissistic and cruel the next.

Michael's family has been incredibly concerned about him, and his mother and stepfather both work in the mental health industry.  They worried often that if Michael did not get away from Isaac, that something very bad would happen.  I believe Michael ended up in the hospital several times from the grief Isaac caused him, but I'm sure he could tell you more about that than I can.

I know it is probably odd getting an email about this situation from someone you don't know, especially as I'm sure you're a very busy person.  I would just like you to observe any evidence Michael has showing that Isaac has done some truly repugnant things to him.  I haven't seen the evidence myself as, honestly, I don't think I could stomach it.  

Thank you for your time,

-Hunter
get your evidence together
Done
Send it
Haha
okay lol
*sent*
i hope that helps some
what kind of trial is this?
an actual civil trial?
It's university conduct
They treat it like civil
But I get the preference because he broke their rules
well thats good
He will be judged but universirtbofficersb
do you have anyone their on your side?
He can't have a lawyer
Yes
You're one of five I'm having send something
thats great
Plus you know the assault evidence and stuff
But still think you
what happens to the loser in the case?
Anything helps
Dismissed from OSU and not allows back on campus
damn
that would be great if its him lol
that would be your dream
Maybe charges
id sue for real
But I just want home gone
And miserable
I think he doesn't deserve happiness
no he doesnt
because he makes everyone around him miserable
even if they dont realize it
His tumblr posts are 1/3 of the evidence
He posts daily
hahaha
They are
I can't describe them
I can't read anymore
why is there a video of him cumming on your face
I had annie do it
I was asleep
I didn't know
Sleeping people can't consent
when was this, did he send it to you?
It auto uploaded to my Photobucket
I kept it out of fear
omg
thats amazing for you
holy fuck hes an idiot
There are texts with him claiming to take my meds
Punch walls
I sent copies of my prescriptions
Me photos of the wall
Literllynbim saying it
youve got all the evidence you need
should be open and shut
I'm just trying to cover all my bases
He should be fleeing to another state
He's insane
I know
I am scared though
I can understand that
But if the law is just
You'll be fine
He's dangerous
I don't want to go to real court
But laws were broken
Yea rape is one of those big ones
Lol
Omg hahahaha
Yah
I'm counting calories on fitbit now
Watching macros
Eating keto
If I don't lose more weight I'm just going to start smoking meth
Mooo ahh
Moooo
Are you coming into Charleston for the summer?
Nah that's probs not gonna happen anymore. I'm gonna be working up here now and then next summer I will have graduated :/
Ohh okay, wow!
How did trial go?
Okay so they're letting me do a separate banner for dates
So my big banner can be less cluttered
nan
So Annie hasn't accepted my friend request
She has y'all are friends lol
Oh I didn't see
Hahah it's good
How did trial go?
Going on until July
It's a disaster
I'll win
But
God
That bad?
my sister read his blog
and said like
dont ever read that
hes a psychopath
and called my mom
haha
???
this willtake months to mediate
what did he say hahaha
HE posts this vitriol dude..
like
daily
for a month
on tumblrt
it's really damaging
and psychotic
he looks like he's writing to an audience
trying to convince them how well he's doing
and how ugly i am and unsuccessful
it's
disturbing
it's evidence though but he doesn't know it
hes very dumb
either stupid or that crazy
that he doesnt understand what evidence is
and how his posts are publiuc
he doesn't understand that this isn't court
but like
going to the principals office
when I told first.
lol
well hopefully soon hes off campus
and you can resume life as normal
let's hope because i start my new job soon and i need to not be stressed and i have a summer class
he need 2 go
haha
what new job?
kroger pharmacy
yayyyyy....
hell yeazzz
i hated working at kroger
but maybe the pharmacy is better
they started me at 8.50, then +50cents for XP
i can take a test every three months
XP lol
for a 50 cent raise
l3l3l up
i thoughtyoud like that
hahaha
thats not bad though
you have your car right>?
getting it when i come in with max on the weekend of symphony sunday
so june 2?
you shouuuld get a pizza job
i left with $43 tonight
i already have a second job lined up
worked 3 hours
tutoring kids over the summer
i will do that when the semester starts
it seems better for that kinda thing
ahh okay
yea tutoring kids would be very fulfilling for sure
i was thinking of postmates
or a 3rd party food delivery
damn that weekend is when i go to pittsburgh for ket iv
it's good monety
NOOOOOO
cries
well i'll be back more than that
just not the whole summer
lol
right lol
ill be here
waiting till you get
what
you
desERVE
im off work three days a week and i dont work until 5 pm the days i do work
that's really not bad
my friend is a server and sometimes makes 180 a night in tips
lol
yea i thought about serving but that seems like harder work
it is ROUGH
lol
also ive heard that nice places wont hire you without experience
and its hard to get experience
they wony
wont
yes
exactly
because no one wants to hire someone who hasnt waited tables
i hate employers like that
i see that so much
experience demanded for an entry level job
ok
exactly
im honestly surprised they hired me as a driver at hussons
everyone else there has worked pizza their whole lives
i walked in and they told me to fold boxes and i was like...i dont know how
and they looked at me like, are you serious
"ohh shes never worked at a pizza place"
*teaches me like im in elementary school*
omg
haha
like in elementary school
its really cool working there now that ive got the hang of it
the first few weeks i was in fear the whole time
terrified of my biker boss
but apparently im the best new person theyve had in a long time and they have all warmed up to me
i actually enjoy work now
that's awesome haha
hey look at this for me please
im trying to get opinions before i spend almost $300 on it
nan
what needs fixed
i took the exclamation mark out and am tweaking the font sizes
ok
one sec
i like it, but annie is a very design and art person, i would need to ask her a more professional opinion. Like i like it, but it seems like  you aren't totally satisfied haha
i like it but i want to make sure im not committing some horrible banner faux pas
you know
haha
yes
and my point is i'm not sure
hahah
i'm gonna kep looking over it
okay thats fine, i just wanted your personal opinion
like
as a consumer
i mean
ok
lemme approach it this way
the people who see it arent graphic designers
shrink the animals a bit?
lemme think
nan
shrunk
move the center tiitles down to the center
try the turtle above
see how that feels
genius
okay
one sec
nan
lookout
its dat boi
thumbs up
i like that better
i do too
i have one last thing
need to modify the spacing between the text and animals
maybe just for like style...
the gecko and frog
switch them
okay lol let me try
see the formatting of the turtle and frog
it would balance it
oh damn b you right
nan
daaamn
das noice
let me try out another lizard graphic and see if its better, but i do like this one
it's better wow
yeah
looks it
good
you know i have a hard time doing all this stuff design wise lol
the only graphic design experience i have is from when we would morph faces in middle school
using *photoshop*
hmm if i put reptiles in the blank spots that would create a "border" of sorts
nan
makes the text stand out more i think
unless im totally wrong
yes
works!
heck yea!
that bird is an homage to your past btw
shout outs
THE BIRD
IS AN HOMAGE
TO MY PAST
LLOLOLOL
reminds me of charlie
dude
the cockatiel matt gave me
yes
i want another bird sooo bad
but dont have the space
or so james tells me
i love them
hahaha
but igots a kitty so
man i dont like having cats anymore
i had cerberus for awhile
cats are just sort of messy
also i think im allergic to them so
i get them watery eyes n shit
chester is a doll bby
i don't like them all that much anymore
but he's very good
and acts like a dog
i met him correct?
he has some begal in him
at johns
OH
you did!
i think
wait
yes
i remember him being very sweet
he's a good one
lol
thats a good'n
he's getting his shots tomorrow
he's not gonna be pleased
aw man poor baby

I'm not lol
oh no
there is no glamor
lolol
i bolted after a year
It's not Charleston, that's glamorous to him lol
OHHH
got you
The countryside is pretty up there
it actually is yah
I think he wants to buy a house up there
Or something
I think that's sort of dumb
it's cheap but not a good investment
Why not a good investment?
the property value likely isn't stable due to it being a college town. It will likely depreciate quickly due to The school gentrifying the ENTIRE town with new collegestyle HipDorms TM so there will be a lot of expensive apartments, too many students, and residents will be pushed out that dont work for the university
they are getting bad about city planning lol
Hahaha true
It's sort of a mess up there
From what I saw
it is man
god
like
it's cramped
It's nice but something about it
Yes
Cramped
also there's one other feature
so you can live outside of downtown, but when you want to go into town, no matter what time of day...it's morgantown. There are teens with fourlokos stumbling down the road ALL day and night and every restaurant and store is packed with that mess
lol
Hahaha we ate there on our way back from PA and stopped at mountaineer pizza brewing whatever
And all of the workers were college kids
nice lol
And snotty and rude
hahaha
yah
i know
like most of the businesses are like that
from what i remember
"my mom didn't buy me a BMW so that I have to bring you fucking hot sauce, go get it yourself"
Is the attitude I picked up on
that sounds right
some brat from jersey
Right hahaha
Remember that podcast show James was watching where the guy was making fun of a schizophrenic and you got upset
vaguely, did I have whiskey? haha
i dont know lol
you got upset and made him turn it off
he doesnt get social cues super well haha
i was just telling him about that the other day
i think i had a drink or two, would make sense. Otherwise I would probs have just smirked
that's funny
lmao
oh mikel
you were obviously upset and he just didnt do anything until you kept complaining
anyway
HAHAHAHAHA
oh my lord
i follow that dude super hard now, mike david on redbar radio
that's funny
dude it is SO AMAZING
what's he talk about?
i just bought a hat from him
it is so dope
heres the premise of the show
it is politely incorrect
and
they make fun of "fools"
people who are idiots
i enjoy this lol
here
check this out
just bought this dope ass hat
https://store.redbarradio.net/collections/hats/products/scars-club-day-one-premium-hat-mint
i dig it
omg
"other cool shit"
haha
watch some of this and tell me if you like it or if its too much
https://redbarradio.net/shows/s15e30
i will bookmark it, studying dna rn lulz
its all like weird isnide jokes and just "off" humor
a lot of it can be obscene
i like off humor these days
i have little patience for anything that's pedantic about humor
just laugh and grow up
lol
exactly haha
then you might like redbar
its like
niccceeee
a little family
i'm excited
i need new comedy
the audience is a part of the show
you can watch live and be in thechat
and he will talk to the listeners sometimes
takes ideas from us, gets our feedback
its just a really cool experience
laughs at our jokes *ultimate validation achieved*
and hes easy on the eyes if you get what im saying ;)
bahaha
i don't know what that last phrase means.
Help me.
it means like
hes not HARD on the eyes
hahahahahahahha
as in
ugly
I do understand this
hahaha
im over here losing it because
well look
i just thought i'd express myself for a sec ~
oh man
nan
He typed my name 
Star struck 100%
Hahahaha
BASED MARK
we call him mark sometimes
its a little insider gag
teehee
So James got bitten by a Rottweiler in a mechanic shop while trying to get his Jeep inspected
Bit his hand, he's all shook up
shit dude
is it like badly wounded
It broke the skin and he said his arm hurts, nothing too brutal but it's swelling and going to bruise. Might have to go to the VA to get it checked out for infection
Said the dog was eating in the lobby and he put his hand near it and it freaked out and grabbed him
that is so odd
maybe it's disturbed lol
heylo
Hey hey
sup bruh
Watching sausage party lol
Figured check it out
max and i decided to get drunk
it went....
also i watched it
hahahahahahaha
the food orgy
GOD
they passed out
i'm giggling
I was just going to say, I just watched a food orgy
Hahahaha
It was better than I thought
HSHAH
SAME
Then they go through a star gate? What?
idfk
lmao
And Joe Rogan and ari shaffir did the screenplay??
What the fuck hahaha
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH
SAME THOUGHT
So weird!
How was your 4th?
it was interesting
Good or bad?
max moved in, we're splitting expenses until the school year, so we've had fun. as adults. with jobs. lol
it's different from isaac
I'm glad it's going smoothly for you guys
I just worked today lol
Fed and cleaned snakes
yah we have been taking it slow
and i started my first new job today
haha
and ahh nice
How'd new job go?
good. It's at udf. I dipped cones, made shakes, the typical stuff
haha
Well cool! Ice cream is good lol
So I have a question
Is John like...a drug dealer for the people ? Lolol
I told him I only take Xanax as needed now so he's giving me instant release pills but still 90 a month, prescribed to take every 8 hours
Which I'm not complaining about, I'll take every script I can get because it's bullshit that you need someone to approve you to have anything
(libertarian in me)
But that's such a crazy amount for someone who hardly takes it lol
Well I'm headed to bed, night!
nan
"teens"
Teens
Is it just me or does Joy look out of place in every weird abroad photo she posts on ig
Fuck man
I was talking to max about this
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Last nigh
seriously???
hahaha i never look at her ig
thats so weird
she seems like a real bitch
I hate her so much
She's a horrible cunt
i messaged her awhile back and she never said anything
we were best friends in elementary school
she always had to one-up me
I told you about my situation with her and her friends when I came back from Morgantown that one day right?
yep you didnt tell me details but you did mention it
She did it and I came out to her and I was so sloppy drunk, she basically facilitated several situations because "I'm gay now" or "no one has to know it doesn't count your gay now xxxx boyfriend of mine doesn't need to know"
I hope she stays in wherever
Helping children or whatever
Lol
wait so she like had you have sex with a guy?
She facilitated a sexual assault situation that I escaped and also tried to hold me down
I fought with her for a while
Then she apologized he next day for being so "drunk0
At the time she had 3 inches of height and like 30 pounds on me
Wasn't fun
"Just let me see how it feels no one has to know"
She would walk in on me showering on purpose and stuff
She was so awful that summer
did you live with her?
Hunter missed your call.
she was always sexually very weird and deviant
No
She was just around a lot
ah okay
i remember her repeatedly asking me to define masturbation to her
i was like like, no joy, wtf
Same
this is weird
really??
hahaha
She literally shoved her hand down my pants and tried ripping my clothes off and chased me
It was traumatic
And this whole house of people was just like "she's like this"
What
ugggh
i think like
did you ever meet her stepdad?
"stuart"?
Yes.....
I hated that count
Lmao count
im pretty sure he molested her if this is how she acts now
he was weird as fuck
yelled and cussed at her mom
i was at her house all the time
What the hell og
Omg
You're likely right
MAkes sense
i mean thats how people become rapists
is by being molested or raped
I went to OSU two weeks later and Isaac literally raped me lol it was a time In my life
People are so txocix
Toxic
jesus christ
Sorry walking to my class haha
youre fine lol but thats insane
stop hanging out with rapists
bahaha
Yahhh it's happened a bit since
thats victim blaming isnt it
A little but I know you would neve I'm blame me
Never
It's fine
right lol its not about them being rapists as much as it is them being shitty friends
im glad youre with max now
you seem happier and calmer
I am. I am in my molgen class rn and i'm glad to be back in neuroscience
everything is going well
max and are are rooming, both working, paying for our own things
it's pretty easy now
life is just sort of occuring lol
thats awesome dude, two responsible people taking care of themselves is the foundation of a good relationship lol
i know lmao
isaac owes me thousands lol
you suing him for it?
not worth it
he's now begging. he knows hes in trouble and was like, blogging about the "good times" and his "last interview with the case"
it's odd
grasping for straws
oh jeez
calling annie a dog, a manipulator
a sad man, melting down
hahaha
like
yah
idc anymore
it's just partially funny
youre good bro lol
i mean it is
right because youre clear of the blast zone
so you can laugh
i can and i enjoy it. it'll be over by august apparently so nice
So when I get married
I'll literally be putting a "Byrd" on it
HHHHAHAHAHA
omg
you will
Hey
I'm upset
Went to get marriage license
Text me
Hey
Sorry working
What happened
Text me
3045907848
7948
Are you friends with Joseph Baird on bf
FB lol
If so please find his post about addiction and let him have it
Been arguing with him for days lol
I commented
He's stupid
We aren't friends tho
Lolol thank you
Like it lmao
Bump
I will
He's an idiot
I was forced to have him help with reptile presentations
I told him what to study because he has no idea about them, just thinks they're cool
He told several classes of children that bearded dragons are venomous
So
If that's any indication of his research skills
Oh fuck abandon ship bahahaha
This is too much
asia messaged me
it was stupid
joseph asked for "links to those papers"
should i even waste my time
he wont udnerstand them
Probably not haha
dude have i told you about my new job
lmao
omg
No tell me
it's at UDF
an icecream company/store/shake place/beer cave/mini mart
i have to serve shakes to stoned college idiots
and ring them up
basically
i have two coworkers and a manager
who smoke cigarettes in the bathroom
and sleep
and i'm spliing shakes everywhere
losing money
i'm interviewing at an anthropologie in two weeks, i can deal with rich white ladies
some homeless guy threatened to kill me the other day and i threatened him back lol
it's hostile af
Sounds like a normal college kid jiv
Jov
Job dammit sorry delivering pizza lol
You threatened him back hahaha
it is my first one in this part of campus
it's like a bunch of fuckign drunk blonde girls probs named ashley
buuying more four lokos
lmao
and some steves trying to decide on shake flavors
Bahaha
Ashley
You have to watch this ufo doc
Called extraordinary
It's on Netflix
I will after work
Nevermind apparently the dude is being taken to court over child porn, claims the aliens put it on his PC bahaha
Omfg
Seriously hahaha it was sort of believable but then he had video of actual aliens and like a little girl peeking through his back patio hahaha
Aliens called him on the phone and called him "starseed"
nan
Nothing has changed lolol
knew it was you
because i have a ridiculous name now
you do?
ive never been so embarrased in my life
hunter byrd
i suppose you do
lol
is a cartoon character's name
hunter byrd the reptile charmer
yeah
ok
i see it
everyone says
hurr hurr byrd hunter
like with dogs
you hunt byrds
coo coo
yeehaw
i reckon
I RECKON.
hry
hey*
i got a new laptop oops hahahaha
dup
my god this keeps happening. THESE HANDS
What's up dude lol
just watching the osu game, just studied a bit, getting ready to do karaoke later haha. how are you? hows the new place?
I'm trying my hand at some chicken stir fry, it's good!  I almost lost my mind while getting everything moved in and unpacked lol but James has gotten it all organized and set up, so it's good now
ooo that sounds good
and good to hear, haha
sometime it takes so long to settle in
Yea, especially without internet for a week lol
omg
Without my show I am nothing
And I couldn't work on it without my pc
I was getting real neurotic lol
ahh yeah
definitely
wow
haha
my god dude
???
isaac does not know when to stop i'm so bored of this fiasco it's takin so long haha
he tagged me in something lol
like bashing me
ERG x ten
i'd like to be left alone lol
Sorry bud can't type a lot right now, I'm on the road to Huntington, they want me to go on the air live with some lizards lol
I can do voice to text though
oh nice!
that sounds fun haha
hey!
happy late birthday!
thank ya!
and happy birthday to you!
thanks!  did you get to do anything fun?
ehhh i went out to dinner, general adult birthday things. I played with my cat. I went to my friends party for their birthday and pretended i was young and awake enough to have a party lololol
any plans for you?
haha that sounds about right for tha big two y four.  I'm just having my mom and the in-laws come over for dinner after school this evening, i dont know if my dad is doing anything.  they were supposed to have a wedding party for us but that never happened so i doubt theyll do anything lol
ahhaha nice. Dinner is always the way to go honestly. I had tried to meet my mom and john i ncolumbus on sunday and then they just disappeared because they don't have cellphones lol
they dont have cellphones?? that is so odd lmao
did i tell you what happened with my aunt the magistrate, mindy's sister?
it is. they went to a mcdonalds with wifi to facebook me
and no
what?
she apparently stole like 45k from the treasury she was in charge of and had to resign
my family had to pay back all the money so she didnt go to jail
then my grandpa, her dad, had to drop out of a political race because of her
and now he has cancer
and everyone is broke
WHAT THE HELL MAN
thus no wedding party lol
wait
so like
yea mindy's family is a mess
they just forked over the money
why
she committed a crime lol
because thats how they operate, theyre all crooks and liars so if one of them goes down, they all do, so they have to help each other
that makes sense
right exactly.  my dad said if it were up to him she would have gone to jail lmao
that's so annoying though
WOW
how was it not a little up to him
like
did he have . say
he has no say hahaha
that's horrifying
lol
i know it is
hes like a prisoner
i thought so
that's depressing
its super depressing
and all of that money alone couldn't have been just mindy's
they literally got us like...a bottle of champagne and a picture frame from TJ Maxx for our wedding
it was the whole family's money
but yea it was everything they had between the,
that's just disgusting that they would do that
that's bordering on masochism
is the aunt happy with this
lmao
jeeeeez
i havent spoken with her but lee said she's just as bitchy and rude as ever
of course she's SOMEHOW the victim
honestly im glad this happened to her
my GOD
and the yeagers
is this actually going to punish them
or teach
it's like, finally they show the world who they actually are lol
OH
like
look at this mess
lol
yea, look at this mess that ive seen my whole life that everyone else just ignored
but now you cant ignore it
because she was writing herself checks with tax payers money
i totally get that. Look at what i've pointed out and you've all ignored and now it's not ignorable haha
that's so bad
she was taking tax dollars
yea dude, i dont want her to even speak to me lol
she should be in jail
ummm yea
they always weasel out from under justice
hahah
LIKE MY DADS FAMILY
I GET YA
EXACTLY LIKE THAT
hahaha
so apparently in vegas like 400 people were shot by a gunman
i forgot my sister lived there for a sec
lol
i saw that!!!
that she marked herself safe
thats so crazy
i know
FALSE FLAG FOR SURE THO
it's terrifying my god
yea it's very scary
just the thought of that being a reality
right?
apparently the guy killed himself
he wasl ike 60 something
like
why would you do that
IN VEGAS
just get drunk, find a hooker, do some la coca
whats the reasoning for killing so many people
it cant be FUN
i feel like
you know that gif
that's like "being impulsive and immediately regretting it"
it's a woman hitting a hammer through a wall and then being like
yea something alongs those lines lol
"what the fuck why"
yeah
lol
hahaha
oh so
get this
oh my
ok
long story short
dnr came into my show and ticketed two vendors for selling corn snakes, which are native and therefor illegal to sell
Wow
one of them was a guy ive done a lot of business with, spent upwards of 1500 dollars with him, sold animals for him, managed his FB page
wait
why then
hes an idiot and didnt check native animals of WV
and i didnt know he had corn snakes so i didnt say anything to him
anyway
he gets ticketed
goes back to ohio, and WV is now trying to make him pay like 400+ dollars for the fine, and he has to come to charleston to fight it
and he claims he is going to sue me to compensate him for this
i dont think he actually will because hes in ohio and im in WV, and its very hard to sue someone from out of state
but this dude was supposed to be my friend lol
that's not a case, unless he has millions of dollars he won't be able to do anything with that
that's lame
why would he even think to
lol
sue you
wow
yea but hes either stupid and doesnt know that or is just trying to intimidate me to "Settle out of court" with him
claiming its my fault because i didnt specifically tell him no corn snakes
even though i did specifically tell him no native animals, and i have proof of him reading it
that's sort of true because if he wants to argue you didn't say NO CORN SNAKES!!!!!! but that's not a legal case
it's not real
lol
you wouldn't need to be that detailed right
No there's no way, it's up to him to know local laws because he's the one selling the snakes
DNR didn't even speak to me when they came in lol
Because I had no animals for sale
because it wasn't yours
yeah
lol
So anyway, I don't think he'll do anything but if he somehow manages to get a judge to hear his case, I have a lot of evidence basically saying he's an idiot
yeah it seems that way
haha
Originally he was just like 'dont worry I'm just going to sue your insurance' which I think was his original idea because he probably could have easily done that
But I didn't have insurance for this particular show so now it would be really difficult for him to sue
Sort of funny how not having insurance actually protects me in this case lol
wow that's not often that this happens
lol
it...kind od is better not to have it..
lol
As long as whoever is trying to sue me lives out of state lol
Because you can't really sue someone who doesn't live in or operate business out of your state
I don't do either, so he'd have to try to sue me in Charleston
whic hwould be more than its worth
Which would probably be very expensive and a Charleston judge would probably throw it out
Yea exactly
also, look at this
https://wundergroundmusic.com/local-dealer-has-different-slightly-annoyed-girl-in-car-with-him-every-time/
briefly at least lmao
BAHAHA
somehow true
somehow
This is golden
Absolutely lmao
hahaahah
hey question
have you ever done any research into EFT?
go for it
"tapping" lol
is that like acupuncture
i'm not sure
lol
im trying a 7 day trial of online counseling
and this woman told me about it
hmmm
i tried it last night and it made me back pain subside a decent bit
how ddoes it seem
there are apparently studies of it working
saying it like...controls diabetes and cures autoimmune disorders lmao
hold on let me find the studies
http://www.eftuniverse.com/research-studies/eft-research#pain
these are all studies just on pain disorders
that sounds interesting
i willl hav eto look into it
right, and that a certified therapist would suggest this as a treatment technique lol
yea definitely look into it, let me know what you think
professor just called phineas gage a "temporary invalid"
I am bothered by this
Who is Phineas gage? Lol
the guy you learn about in psych class who had a railroad spike go through his head, made his personality change
Ohh!
Temporary invalid bahaha
yeaaaa
I haven't had the beginning psych class since high school lol
the fuck
hahahah
I took it in like 11th grade
That was like...almost ten years ago haha
oh my god
what the hell
it was
same tho
lmfao
Yep hahaha
Same with soc and speech
remember when we did that soc project
trying to prove that christians did drugs basically
omfg
fuck yes
i remember that!!!!
bahahaha
i have to tell james about that
screaming
mao
i had totally forgotten about that
even as high schoolers
e were trying to turn religion on its head
hahahaha
LMFAO
GOD
Someone came into my store with a floppy hat, cig, and OSU shirt and said they were fear and loathing in Columbus
Omg hahaha
Of course
Gas station life huh
I enjoyed it
Haha
nan
Got rid of the Subaru!!!
omg purty
love it
I feel like I'm disassociated hahaha
I've never had a nice car
It wasn't that expensive but it looks really nice and rides great, has a touch screen and whatnot
it looks nice as shit
haha
Only paid about 15k
Expensive car payments but honestly James was having to replace something on my car once a week
Started really adding up
sad thing is i cant let my dad or mindy know about it because theyll get pissed off
because obviously if i take their school assistance and can still afford a decent car im taking advantage of them lol
yes do i
t
lmao
how are things going
good, busy, one last expo before i shut it down lol
its too much stress to deal with crazy reptile people
when is it?
im selling off almost everything
going to delete my facebook lol
honestly i will come if it's the last one, i'd like to
and yeah haha i feeli've done it
i often leafe messenger on just to talk to you and others but leave fb deactivated
yea its just a validation machine, terribly bad for your personal psychology
definitely come if you can, its going to for sure be the last
ok then i think i need to go haha
it's been hard to get back but now that i have car with good mpg it's a bit easier lmao
i just dont like returning
hows the new place?
its great, secluded, far enough from townt o not see my parents lol
amazing
lol
yea i love living in the country
you have to drive further for stuff but its so quiet and no one ever bothers us
dont have to worry about break ins and stuff
Look
It's a troll from Trolls
nan
MY GOD
Yea it made me ill
that is horrible
I'm sorry that I shared it with you hahaha
it is okay
Text I guess, or email
Either or
6149288864
If you don't have it
Saved
Mine is 3045907948
Hey also you can Google message me at byrdhunterm@gmail.com, I think I'm going to deactivate tonight
"unplug" lmao
Okay nice I'll redownlosd gchat
Lol okay cool
